WealthLinkIMPORTANT NOTES
1 Singapore’s core inflation rises further to 5.3% in September, edging towards 14-year high, CNA, 25 October 2022
2 Majority of Singaporeans unprepared for retirement: Survey , ST Online, 5 December 2014
3 The initial Minimum Single Premium is $5,000 for age 0 to 64 and $10,000 for age 65 to 80. Subsequent minimum top up 
amount is $2,500. A premium charge of 3.5% will be deducted from both the initial single premium and top ups (if any).
4 There is a minimum requirement on the amount allocated into each selected fund upon each premium payment. The annual 
management fee is not the same for all funds. Please refer to their respective Product Highlights Sheets for the annual 
management fees as well as other fees and charges.
5 Minimum switch amount is currently set as $1,000 each time. There is no limit to the number of switches per year. Income may 
change this at any time by giving you notice.
6 Each withdrawal requires a minimum value of units worth S$500. You must also leave a minimum value of units worth:
a. S$1,750 if the policyholder have one sub-fund; or
b. S$3,500 if the policyholder have more than one sub-fund; 
under your policy.
Income may change these minimum amounts at any time by giving you notice. Partial withdrawals have the effect of reducing 
the death benefit, accidental death benefit and sub-fund value of the policy.
7 The policy will end after the policyholder cash in the units fully. The cash-in value is the policy value less any fees and charges 
Income may take. There is no surrender charge imposed.
8 Income will either pay for the Death Benefit or the Accidental Death Benefit only, whichever is higher. Income will pay this 
benefit only if the death happens within 365 days of the accident. Otherwise, we will pay only the Death Benefit, taking off  
any fees and charges which apply to your policy. Income will not pay any further benefits, your policy will end when Income 
make this payment. Please refer to policy conditions for more details.
9 Net premium(s) means the initial single premium paid, and the total of all top-ups made, less all amounts cashed in. 
This information is not to be construed as an offer or solicitation for the subscription, purchase or sale of any investment-linked 
plan (ILP) sub-fund. The information and descriptions contained in this material are provided solely for general informational 
purposes and do not constitute any financial advice. It does not have regard to the specific investment objectives, financial 
situation and particular needs of any persons.
Investments are subject to investment risks including the possible loss of the principal amount invested. Past performance, as 
well as the prediction, projection or forecast on the economy, securities markets or the economic trends of the markets are 
not necessarily indicative of the future or likely performance of the ILP sub-fund. The performance of the ILP sub-fund is not 
guaranteed and the value of the units in the ILP sub-fund and the income accruing to the units, if any, may fall or rise. A product 
summary and product highlights sheet(s) relating to the ILP sub-fund are available and can be obtained from your insurance 
advisor or online at www.income.com.sg/funds. A potential investor should read the product summary and product highlights 
sheet(s) before deciding whether to subscribe for units in the ILP sub-fund.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms, conditions and exclusions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/
wealthlink-policy-conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable for your 
specific needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance advisor. 
Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be able to 
afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you want. Buying a life insurance plan is a long-term commitment on your 
part. If you cancel your plan prematurely, the cash value you receive may be zero or less than the premiums you have paid for the 
plan.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC. 
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Information is correct as at 13 June 2023
