Star Term ProtectIMPORTANT NOTES
1 2017 Protection Gap Study – Singapore, www.lia.org.sg/media/1332/protection-gap-study-report-2017.pdf , 26 April 2018.
2 Look out for gaps in insurance coverage, The Straits Times, 10 September 2017.
3 Guaranteed renewal is applicable only if there is no claim on your policy during the policy term and the insured is age 79 (last 
birthday) and below. We will renew your policy for the same sum assured and policy term. However, if the insured’s 84th 
birthday falls within the next policy term, we will only renew it for a shorter term (in multiples of 5 years) such that the renewal 
term will not exceed the insured’s 84th birthday. The renewal premium will be determined by Income and is based on the 
policy’s renewal term, sum assured and the age of the insured at the time the policy is renewed.
4 If the insured becomes totally and permanently disabled (TPD before the anniversary immediately after the insured reaches 
the age of 70), becomes terminally ill, or dies, during the term of the policy, we will pay the sum assured. The policy will end 
when we make this payment.
5 For Hospital CashAid, the premium will be based on the prevailing premium rates as of the insured’s age and sum assured at 
the anniversary. Anniversary means the last day of every 12 months from the entry date for the basic policy. Please refer to 
the policy contract for further details.
6 An event (including a future unknown disease) leading to a surgery or an infection, and requires a stay in ICU for 5 days or 
more, which is claimable under the Major Impact Benefit, subject to policy’s terms, conditions and exclusions. The surgery or 
infection and the stay in the ICU must be directly due to the same cause and confirmed as necessary medical treatment. We 
will not pay Major Impact Benefit where the insured stays in a hospital for symptoms suffered of, had investigations for, or 
was diagnosed with illness any time before or within 90 days from the cover start date (except for accidents). We will pay this 
benefit in addition to both Hospital Cash Benefit and Additional Intensive Care Unit Benefit. We will pay this benefit to you 
only once per policy year. Please refer to the policy contract for further details.
7 We will not pay Hospital Cash Benefit, Additional Intensive Care Unit Benefit and Recovery Benefit where the insured stays in 
a hospital before or within 30 days from the cover start date (ex cept for accidents).
8 We will pay the Additional Intensive Care Unit Benefit in addition to Hospital Cash Benefit. But if we have paid the Hospital 
Cash Benefit, up to   a maximum of 750 days for the same stay in a hospital, we will not pay Additional Intensive Care Unit 
Benefit any further.
9 Recovery Benefit will only be paid once for the same stay in hospital as the Hospital Cash Benefit claim.
10 TPD before age 70.
11 Essential Protect, Total Protect, Dread Disease Premium Waiver and Enhanced Payor Premium Waiver
You can find the list of specified dread diseases and their definitions in their respective policy contracts. We will not pay this 
benefit if the insured is diagnosed with the disease within 90 days from the cover start date for major cancer, heart attack of 
specified severity and coronary artery by-pass surgery, angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery or other 
serious coronary artery disease. If the insured undergoes angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery during 
the term of the rider, we will pay 10% of the sum assured, up to S$25,000. We will only pay for this condition once under this 
benefit. After this payment, we will reduce the sum assured of this rider accordingly. We will work out any future premiums or 
claims based on the reduced sum assured.
For Dread Disease Premium Waiver and Enhanced Payor Premium Waiver, the premium waiver benefits do not apply for 
angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery.
12 Total Protect is a rider that provides coverage against early, intermediate and advanced stage specified dread disease. We pay 
the sum assured under this rider upon diagnosis of the insured with one of the specified dread diseases (except angioplasty 
and other invasive treatment for coronary artery) during the term of the rider. Any payment for an early and intermediate 
stage specified dread diseases will reduce the sum assured of the rider to zero. You can find the list of early, intermediate and 
advanced stage specified dread diseases and their definitions in th eir respective policy contracts.
