Star Term ProtectIMPORTANT NOTES
13 If you are successful in claiming the early and intermediate stage dread disease benefit, all benefits under this rider will end 
except the Advanced Restoration Benefit. You will stop making premium payments on this rider. This rider will continue to 
apply for the Advanced Restoration Benefit during this period even though you are not paying the premiums.
We will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or was diagnosed with the disease at 
any time before or within 90 days from the cover start date for major cancer, heart attack of specified severity, other serious 
coronary artery disease, or coronary artery by-pass surgery.
We will pay no more than $350,000 (not including bonuses) for each insured (no matter how many policies we have issued to 
cover each insured).
Please refer to the policy contract for further details.
14 For Enhanced Payor Premium Waiver and Payor Premium Waiver, the premium waiver benefits are applicable only if the 
insured is not the policyholder.
15 You can choose a policy term of 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 or 35 years. Alternatively, you can choose a policy term of up to age 54, 
64 or 74 (last birthday).
16 The insured may be covered till age 84.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms and conditions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/star-term-
protect-policy-conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable for your 
specific needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance advisor. 
Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be able to 
afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you want. This plan does not have any cash value.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Information is correct as at 1 September 2022
