Gro Cash SureIMPORTANT NOTES
1. Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the Singapore’s economy, MTI, 26 May 2020: https://www.mti.gov.sg/Resources/feature-
articles/2020/Impact-of-the-COVID-19-Pandemic-on-the-Singapore-Economy 
2. Singapore’s economy growth slows to 3.8% in 2022; outlook darkens for 2023, ST Online, 3 Jan 2023: https://www.straitstimes.
com/business/singapore-s-economic-growth-slows-to-38-in-2022-outlook-darkens-for-2023
3. Singapore’s core inflation rises further to 5.3% in September, edging towards 14-year high, CNA, 25 October 2022
4. How much does it really cost to raise a child, blog.seedly.sg/cost-raise-child-singapore/
5. Budget 2022: Singapore to raise GST from 7% to 9% in two stages in 2023 and 2024, ST Online, 21 February 2021
6. At the end of the premium term, if the policyholder did not cash in this policy and all premiums for this policy have been 
paid for, the guaranteed cash value for this policy is equal to total premiums paid, excluding premiums paid on riders. If the 
policyholder choose to cash in this policy partially, the sum assured after the partial cash payout cannot be less than the 
minimum sum assured limit or any other amount Income may tell the policyholder about. Income will use the new sum assured 
and reduced regular premium amount excluding premiums paid on riders to work out the guaranteed cash value (if any) from 
the policy entry date.
7. If the insured survives at the end of the premium term, and if all premiums for this policy have been paid for, Income will start 
paying the cash benefit at the end of the premium term. Income may pay a cash bonus on top of each cash benefit, by applying 
a bonus rate to the sum assured, and may include any loyalty bonus payable from the end of 20th policy year after the end 
of premium term. Income may or may not pay this cash bonus for each policy year. Each yearly cash benefit is 2% of the sum 
assured and the non-guaranteed cash bonus without loyalty bonus is 7.3% of your sum assured and with loyalty bonus is 7.9% 
of your sum assured (based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund earns a long-term average return of 4.25% 
per annum). At an illustrated investment rate of return of 3.00% per annum, the non-guaranteed cash bonus without loyalty 
bonus is 4% of your sum assured and with loyalty bonus is 4.35% of your sum assured. 
If the sum assured of the policy is at least $80,000, the yearly cash payouts can be received in monthly payments. Please refer 
to the policy contract for further details.
8. Only you as the policyholder (before the age of 65 years old), your spouse (before the age of 65 years old), or your child/ward 
(before the age of 18 years old) can be the secondary insured at the time you exercise this option. You can exercise this option 
to appoint a secondary insured no more than three times. Terms apply for the benefit. Please refer to the policy contract for 
further details.
 
9. If the insured becomes terminally ill or dies during the term of this policy, Income will pay the sum of:
a. The higher of:
 - 105% of all net premium(s) paid excluding premiums paid on riders; or 
 - the guaranteed portion of the cash value, 
and
b. a terminal bonus. 
Income will pay the cash value if it is higher than the sum calculated above and any cash benefits and cash bonuses which have 
built up, including any interest earned until then. The policy terminates thereafter. 
10. Original insured means the insured that was appointed when Income issued the policy.
