Gro Cash SureIMPORTANT NOTES
11. If the original insured experiences a life event, they may choose to take up a new policy with only death and TPD benefits on 
their own life, without us having to assess their health. We will limit the sum assured for the new policy to 50% of the sum 
assured for this policy, or S$100,000, whichever is lower. Please refer to the policy contract for further details on life events 
and the full conditions for the application of the new life policy.
12. Savings Protector Pro is a non-participating rider, which includes the TPD Benefit and Retrenchment Benefit. Please refer to 
the policy contract for further details.
13. This is applicable only after one year from the cover start date. Cover start date refers to the date we issue the rider or the 
date we issue an endorsement to include or increase a benefit; or the date we reinstate the rider (whichever is the latest). 
However, if the insured is diagnosed with any one of the major cancer within one year from the cover start date, we will end 
this rider and refund 100% of the premiums paid on this rider. You will then have to continue paying premiums for your Gro 
Cash Sure policy. The insured must survive at least 30 days after the insured is diagnosed with a covered major cancer before 
we pay the major cancer benefit. We will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, 
or was diagnosed with, or received treatment for any cancer, including carcinoma-in-situ, before the cover start date. You 
can find the usual terms and conditions of this rider, full list of our specified major cancer and their definitions in your policy 
contract.
14. The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 4.25% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund. If cash benefits and cash bonuses are accumulated with us, the interest rate will be based on 3.00% per annum and it is 
not guaranteed.
15. If the insured survives at the end of the policy term and the policy has not already ended, the policy will pay the cash value. 
Income will also pay any cash benefits and cash bonuses which have built up. 
16. The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 3.00% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund. If cash benefits and cash bonuses are accumulated with us, the interest rate will be based on 1.50% per annum and it is 
not guaranteed. 
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms, conditions and exclusions of this plan at www.income.com.
sg/gro-cash-sure-policy-conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers, but not all may be suitable for 
your specific needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance 
advisor. Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be 
able to afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you want. Buying a life insurance plan is a long-term commitment on 
your part. If you cancel your plan prematurely, the cash value you receive may be zero or less than the premiums you have paid 
for the plan.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Information is correct as at 17 January 2023
