IMPORTANT NOTES
11 If you are successful in claiming the early and intermediate stage dread disease benefit, all benefits under this rider will end 
except the Advanced Restoration Benefit. You will stop making premium payments on this rider. This rider will continue to 
apply for the Advanced Restoration Benefit during this period even though you are not paying the premiums.
We will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or was diagnosed with the disease at 
any time before or within 90 days from the cover start date for major cancer, heart attack of specified severity, other serious 
coronary artery disease, or coronary artery by-pass surgery. 
We will pay no more than $350,000 (not including bonuses) for each insured (no matter how many policies we have issued to 
cover each insured). 
Please refer to the policy contract for further details. 
12 For Enhanced Payor Premium Waiver and Payor Premium Waiver, the premium waiver benefits are applicable only if the 
insured is not the policyholder.
13 TPD before age 70.
14 You can choose a policy term of 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35 or 40 years. Alternatively, you can choose a policy term of up to age 64, 
74, 84 or 100 (last birthday).
15 The service is valid for one time usage per policy and is only for arrangement of a full medical check-up. No-show penalty is 
applicable when the insured failed to cancel the check-up and transport booking within the given notice period. The insured 
will need to check with the respective clinic for more details.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms, conditions and exclusions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/
termlife-solitaire-policy-conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable for 
your specific needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance 
advisor. Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be able 
to afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you want. This plan does not have any cash value.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Information is correct as at 17 January 2023