Lady 360IMPORTANT NOTES
1 HealthXchange.sg, 10 Most Common Cancers in Men and Women in Singapore
2 Nrdo.gov.sg, Singapore Cancer Registry Annual Report 2018
3 Singaporecancersociety.org.sg, Breast Cancer Awareness Month 2020
4 This benefit can be claimed only once. We will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, 
or was diagnosed with, the illnesses or conditions at any time before or within 90 days after the cover start date. Cover start 
date refers to the date we issue the policy, or the date we issue an endorsement to include or increase a benefit, or the date 
we reinstate the policy (whichever is the latest).
5 Based on a monthly premium of $41.50 for a female, age 25, non-smoker who signs up for Lady 360 with a sum assured of 
$25,000 and a premium term till age 64. The premium of $1.40 per day is rounded up to the nearest $0.05, assuming there are 
30 days in one month.
6 The biennial health screening benefit is available from the second policy anniversary of the cover start date. We will write to 
you when this benefit is due, provided that there are no outstanding premiums due under your policy, and the policy is still 
inforce. This benefit is not transferable and the health screening must be completed within 180 days from the date we write 
to you and conducted at any one of our panel of clinics listed on our letter to you. You can find the list of tests provided under 
this benefit on our website at www.income.com.sg.
7 The insured must survive for at least 7 days after the insured is diagnosed with a covered female illness before we pay the 
female illnesses benefit. All payments are subject to the limit shown in the benefit table and the total amount under this 
benefit will not exceed 100% of the sum assured. You can claim for each female illness only once, except for cancer where you 
may claim more than once. If we pay a claim that is less than the cover limit, the percentage of the sum assured payable for 
this benefit will reduce accordingly. We will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or 
was diagnosed with, the illnesses or conditions at any time before or within 90 days after the cover start date. Please refer to 
the policy contract for further details and definitions of insured events.
8 We will pay this female surgeries benefit up to the limit shown in the benefit table. The total amount paid under this benefit 
will not exceed 50% of the sum assured. If the insured underwent multiple female surgeries due to the same condition, we will 
only pay for one female surgery which has the highest benefit limit. You can claim for each female surgery only once, except 
for surgeries due to cancer.  If we pay a claim that   is less than the cover limit, the percentage of the sum assured payable for 
this benefit will reduce accordingly. We will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or 
was diagnosed with, the illnesses or conditions at any time before or within 90 days after the cover start date. Please refer to 
the policy contract for further details and definitions of the insured events.
9 We will pay this support benefit up to the limit shown in the benefit table. The total amount paid under this benefit will not 
exceed 100% of  the sum assured. If we pay a claim that is less than the cover limit, the percentage of the sum assured payable 
for this benefit will reduce accordingly. We will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, 
or was diagnosed with, the illnesses or conditions at any time before or within 90 days after the cover start date, unless it is 
for reconstructive surgery benefit due to accidental burns or accident, or outpatient psychiatric benefit due to disfigurement 
from accidental burns or death of the insured’s spouse or child. Please refer to the policy contract for further details and 
definitions of the insured events.
