Lady 360IMPORTANT NOTES
10 You can claim for more than one insured event from female illnesses benefit, female surgeries benefit and support benefit, 
up to the cover limit as set out in the benefit table, provided it is not for the same illness, surgery or cause (except for cancer). 
If we pay a claim that is less than the cover limit, the percentage of the sum assured payable for that benefit will reduce 
accordingly. This policy will end when the total claims paid for the insured events under female illnesses benefit amounts to 
100% of sum assured, female surgeries benefit amounts to 50% of sum assured and support benefit amounts to 100% of sum 
assured; or the death benefit is paid, whichever is earlier. Please refer to the policy contract for further details and definitions 
of the insured events.
11 Policy renewal is applicable only if there is no claim under your policy during the contract term. We will renew your policy for 
the same contract term and sum assured. However, if the policy is renewed on or after the insured’s 45th  birthday, we will 
renew it up to age 64 (last birthday).  The renewal premium will be based on the policy’s renewal term, sum assured and the 
age of the insured at the time the policy is renewed.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms and conditions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/lady-360-
policy-conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable for your specific needs. 
If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance advisor. Otherwise, 
you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be able to afford the 
premiums or get the insurance protection you want. This plan does not have any cash value.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Information is correct as at 1 September 2022
