Gro Cash Flex  PROIMPORTANT NOTES
1 www.straitstimes.com/business/economy/singapore-core-inflation-jumps-to-13-year-high-in-may-amid-rising-food-prices,  
ST Online, 23 June 2022
2 How much does it really cost to raise a child, blog.seedly.sg/cost-raise-child-singapore/
3 Household Expenditure Survey 2017/2018: www.singstat.gov.sg/modules/infographics/hes/household-expenditure
4 The Burden of Disease in Singapore, 1990 – 2017, www.moh.gov.sg/resources-statistics/singapore-burden-of-disease-report-2017
5 Ng KH, Teo YY, Neo YW, Maulod A, & YT (2019). What older people need in Singapore: A household budgets study: 
whatsenoughsg.wordpress.com
6 If the insured survives at the end of two years from the policy entry date and premiums for this policy have been paid for at 
least two years, you will start to receive cash payouts after the end of the 2nd policy year. The cash payout consists of a yearly 
cash benefit, which is 3% of your sum assured, and a non-guaranteed cash bonus, which is up to 5.40% of your sum assured 
(based on a 5 year premium term for a policy term till age 120 and the assumption that the Life Participating Fund earns a 
long-term average return of 4.25% per annum). The non-guaranteed yearly cash bonus is dependent on the premium term 
and policy term, and may vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating Fund. If the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 3.00% per annum, the non-guaranteed cash bonus will be up to 2.97% of the sum assured 
(based on a 5 year premium term for a policy term till age 120). The policyholder will receive the final yearly cash benefit and 
cash bonus as a lump-sum with the maturity benefit if the insured is still alive and the policy has not ended. The policy will end 
once this payment is made.
If the sum assured of the policy is at least $80,000, the yearly cash payouts can be received in monthly payments. The amount 
of each monthly cash benefit payment will be worked out. The policyholder cannot change the payout frequency once the 
first cash benefit is paid.
7 Capital guarantee on Gro Cash Flex Pro excludes any optional rider(s), on the condition all premiums are paid, and that the 
policy is held until maturity date with no policy alterations or claims made during the entire policy term. 
8 Only you as the policyholder (before the age of 65 years old), your spouse (before the age of 65 years old), or your child/ward 
(before the age of 18 years old) can be the secondary insured at the time you exercise this option. You can exercise this option 
to appoint a secondary insured no more than three times, and provided the following conditions are met:
- The premium of this policy is paid only with cash;
- No nomination of beneficiary has been made for this policy; and
- There is no change to the ownership of this policy including assignment, bankruptcy, and trust.
9 Bonus rates are not guaranteed and will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating Fund. 
10 The interest rate of 3.00% per annum is not guaranteed. Prevailing interest rate at the point of deposit will be determined by us.
11 If the insured survives at the end of the policy term and the policy has not already ended, the policy will pay the cash value. 
Any accumulated cash benefits and cash bonuses will also be paid. The policy terminates thereafter.
12 In the event of the insured’s death or terminal illness during the term of the policy, the policy will pay 105% of all net 
premium(s) and a terminal bonus. Net premium(s) means the regular premium amount as shown in the policy schedule, or the 
reduced regular premium amount if a part of this policy has been cashed in earlier. If you change the frequency of your regular 
premium amount, we will use the then current regular premium amount to work out all net premium(s) paid. Net premium(s) 
do not include the premiums paid on riders.
We will also pay any cash benefits and cash bonuses which have built up (accumulated). If the option to receive the cash 
benefits in monthly payments was selected, the remaining monthly cash benefit payments and cash bonuses (if any) for that 
policy year will be paid out. The policy terminates thereafter.
13  The original insured means the insured that was appointed when the policy was issued.
