Gro Cash Flex  PROIMPORTANT NOTES
14 The original insured has the option to buy another life policy with only death and TPD benefits on their own life without 
reassessment of health within 3 months from the date of the life event as defined under the policy contract if the original 
insured has met the full conditions for the application of the new life policy. The life event must have taken place no earlier 
than 12 months after the cover start date of the Gro Cash Flex Pro policy. The original insured can take up this option no 
more than two times, on two different life events. The original insured must not be totally and permanently disabled, or be 
diagnosed with an advanced-stage dread disease or above 50 years old at the time of taking up this option. We will limit the 
sum assured for the new life policy to 50% of the sum assured for the Gro Cash Flex Pro policy, or $100,000, whichever is 
lower. Please refer to the policy contract for further details on the life events and the full conditions for the application of the 
new life policy. Cover start date means the date we issue the policy, issue an endorsement to include or increase a benefit, or 
reinstate the policy, whichever is latest.
15 Savings Protector Pro is a non-participating rider, which includes the TPD Benefit and Retrenchment Benefit. Please refer to 
the policy contract for further details.
16 If the policyholder becomes totally and permanently disabled (TPD before the anniversary immediately after the policyholder 
reaches the age of 70) during the premium term, the TPD Benefit allows you to stop paying premiums on the basic policy 
for the remaining premium term subject to the terms of the policy contract. If the premium for the basic policy and Savings 
Protector Pro rider has already been fully paid, only the lump sum benefit will be paid. The lump sum benefit is equivalent to 
2 years of the annual premium for the basic policy and Savings Protector Pro rider. You cannot change the premium term or 
increase the sum assured after you claim this benefit.
17 If you are retrenched, you will not have to pay the premiums for the basic policy and Savings Protector Pro rider for six months 
from the next premium due date onwards. For this to apply, you must meet all the following conditions.
- You must have paid at least six months’ premiums.
- Your retrenchment must have taken place no earlier than six months after the cover start date.
- You have not been able to find employment for three months in a row after being retrenched.
18 At the end of the 5th month when you have stop paying premiums, you can choose to defer the premiums for your basic 
policy, Savings Protector Pro rider and any optional riders for the next 6 months (“deferment period”). For this benefit to 
apply, you must remain retrenched and is unable to pay premiums, the basic policy does not have any or sufficient cash value 
to activate the automatic premium loan and you must inform us at least one month before the start of the deferment period. 
During the deferment period, the basic policy, Savings Protector Pro rider and any optional rider will still remain in force, 
anniversary remains unchanged, any cash benefit payable will be paid after deducting the deferred premiums due and bonus 
will continue to be declared. At the end of the deferment period, you will need to pay the deferred 6 months premium in a 
single payment. This benefit can only be claimed once under this Savings Protector Pro rider.
19 This is applicable only after one year from the cover start date. Cover start date refers to the date we issue the rider or the 
date we issue an endorsement to include or increase a benefit; or the date we reinstate the rider (whichever is the latest). 
However, if the insured is diagnosed with any one of the major cancer within one year from the cover start date, we will end 
this rider and refund 100% of the premiums paid on this rider. You will then have to continue paying premiums for your Gro 
Cash Flex Pro policy. The insured must survive at least 30 days after the insured is diagnosed with a covered major cancer 
before we pay the major cancer benefit. We will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations 
for, or was diagnosed with, or received treatment for any cancer, including carcinoma-in-situ, before the cover start date. You 
can find the usual terms and conditions of this rider, full list of our specified major cancer and their definitions in your policy 
contract.
20 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 4.25% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund.
