HomeTeamNS InsuranceIMPORTANT NOTES
1 Your husband or wife and children will be eligible for the application of coverage only if you, as the insured and member of 
HomeTeamNS, are covered under the same plan. The cover for your husband or wife and children shall end automatically when 
your cover ends. The sum assured for your husband or wife and children should not exceed your sum assured unless your sum 
assured has been reduced by Income due to underwriting reasons.
2 Premium rate is applicable only to policyholders up to age 45 (age next birthday).
3 For HomeTeamNS Insurance Scheme, you and your husband or wife must be at least 16 years old at the point of application. The 
oldest you and your husband or wife can take up this policy is age 64 and coverage will end when you or your husband or wife 
reaches the age of 65.The coverage for your husband or wife will also end when your husband or wife is separated or divorced 
from you.
4 Your child must be at least 5 years old at the point of application. The oldest your child can take up this policy is age 15. The 
cover for your male child will end when your child reaches the age of 21 or National Service enlistment date, whichever is 
earlier.
5 Please refer to the Table of Compensation on Income’s website.
6 Not applicable to Angioplasty and Other Invasive Treatment for Coronary Artery, with payment capped at $25,000.
7 For HomeTeamNS Living Policy, you and your husband or wife must be at least 16 years old at the point of application. The 
oldest you and your husband or wife can take up this policy is age 59 and coverage will end when you or your husband or 
wife reaches the age of 60. The coverage for your husband or wife will also end when your husband or wife is separated or 
divorced from you.
This is for general information only. HomeTeamNS is the policyholder. You can find the usual terms and conditions of 
HomeTeamNS Insurance Scheme and HomeTeamNS Living Policy in the master policy contracts issued to HomeTeamNS. The 
cover for HomeTeamNS Insurance Scheme and HomeTeamNS Living Policy will automatically end upon the termination of the 
master policies by either Income or HomeTeamNS. All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be 
suitable for your specific needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified 
insurance advisor. Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may 
not be able to afford the premiums or get the insurance protectio n you want. These plans do not have any cash value.
HomeTeamNS Insurance Scheme and HomeTeamNS Living Policy are underwritten and issued by Income.
This policy is protected under the Policy Owners’ Protection Scheme which is administered by the Singapore Deposit Insurance 
Corporation (SDIC). Coverage for your policy is automatic and no further action is required from you. For more information on the 
types of benefits that are covered under the scheme as well as the limits of coverage, where applicable, please contact Income or 
visit the GIA/LIA or SDIC websites (www.gia.org.sg or www.lia.org.sg or www.sdic.org.sg).
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Information is correct as at 1 September 2022
