Enhanced Home InsuranceIMPORTANT NOTES
1 Building means the following:
For Housing Development Board (HDB) flats, condominiums, apartments or cluster houses, it will include the building 
structure (but not the foundations), fixtures and fittings based on HDB’s or the property developer’s standard specifications. 
This means we will not cover areas you do not own or which are not provided just for your use. For example, this can include 
shared areas such as corridors, car parks, stairways, lift lobbies and swimming pools.
For landed properties such as bungalows, semi-detached and terrace houses, it will include the building structure (but not the 
foundations), garages, outbuildings, swimming pools, terraces, footpaths, driveways, gardens, gates, fences and other private 
areas you own and which the public do not have access to.
2 Renovations means improvements and additions made within the premises by you or any previous owner or tenant in the 
form of fixtures and fittings. For example, this could include flooring, built-in wardrobes and kitchen cabinets. They do not 
form part of the building cover. 
3 Contents means any physical and movable household items or personal belongings including money and valuables kept within 
the premises that belong to you or your family members. But it does not include, amongst other items, motor vehicles, pets 
and items connected with your business or trade. Please refer to the policy contract for the exclusions and the benefit sub-
limits for each type of content.
4 Income has arranged for our appointed Emergency Home Assistance company to provide policyholders with emergency 
plumbing, electrician, locksmith, pest control, and air-conditioner repair services 24/7, subject to policy conditions. This bonus 
service is a complementary service provided to you. It does not form part of the benefit provided under the policy contract. 
Income reserves the right to amend or discontinue the service at any time at its sole discretion.
5 The personal accident cover will apply if you, your husband, wife or children are involved in an accident within the premises 
which causes an injury and due only to this accident, you or they die or become permanently disabled within 90 days from the 
date of the accident. The amount of benefit payable is subject to the scale of compensation in the policy contract. Premises 
means the residential property which you insure at the address shown in the policy contract. This does not include shared 
areas as described in our definition of building.
6 Insured events means:
a. Fire, lightning or explosion.
b. Being hit by a road vehicle, train, animal, flying object or aircraft which you or your family members do not own or control. 
c. Actual or attempted theft as long as force and violence are used to get into or out of the premises. You must not leave the 
premises unoccupied. 
d. Bursting or overflowing of domestic water tanks, apparatus or pipes in your premises (but not damage to water tanks, 
apparatus and pipes and expenses for tracing the source of the leak). The premises must not be left unoccupied.
e. Hurricane, cyclone, typhoon, windstorm, earthquake or volcanic eruption.
f. Flood caused by water overflowing or escaping from its normal channels. This includes flood caused by the sea, windstorm, 
bursting or overflowing of public water mains or any other flow or build-up of water coming from outside the building 
structures. 
g. Riot, strike or malicious act.
7 A year means each 12-month period from the start date of policy.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms and conditions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/home-policy-
conditions.pdf .
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
Information is correct as at 21 February 2023
