DIRECT Star Protect  PROIMPORTANT NOTES
1 2017 Protection Gap Study – Singapore, https://www.lia.org.sg/media/1332/protection-gap-study-report-2017.pdf 
2 2017 Protection Gap Study – Singapore (Executive Summary), https://www.lia.org.sg/media/1522/lia_pgs_executive_
summary_20180426.pdf
3 Look out for gaps in insurance coverage, The Straits Times 
4 The sum assured of the rider, DIRECT Dread Disease Protect Pro must be equal to the sum assured of the basic policy that is, 
DIRECT Star Protect Pro.
5 This is based on an insured (female aged 18 years old at last birthday) with DIRECT Star Protect Pro on a sum assured of 
$50,000 and pays yearly premiums up to age 84. This figure is rou nded to the nearest $0.05.
6 DIRECT Star Protect Pro pays out the sum assured and bonuses in the event of death, terminal illness or total and permanent 
disability (TPD before age 65). Bonus rates are not guaranteed and the benefits payable will vary according to the future 
performance of the Life Participating Fund.
7 This is a Direct Purchase Insurance (DPI) product, with no financial advice provided. You must visit any Income branches 
personally to purchase this plan or buy it online at www.income.com.sg. The product is not available for sale through all other 
distribution channels of Income. The maximum sum assured per insured for all DPI products, regardless of the number of 
policies purchased with Income, is $400,000; with a maximum sub-limit of $200,000 for Whole life DPI. 
8 The full definition of each dread disease covered and the circumstances in which you can claim are stated in the policy 
contract. If the insured is diagnosed with a specified dread disease (except angioplasty and other invasive treatment for 
coronary artery), we will pay the sum assured. We will also pay any bonuses of its DIRECT Star Protect Pro policy. The DIRECT 
Star Protect Pro policy and this rider will end after we make this payment.
 For angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery, we will pay 10% of the sum assured, subject to a maximum 
of S$25,000.  We will only pay for this condition once under this benefit. We will also pay any corresponding bonuses of its 
DIRECT Star Protect Pro policy. After this payment, we will reduce the sum assured of this rider and its DIRECT Star Protect 
Pro policy.
 Any payment made under this rider will form an accelerated payment, and reduce the sum assured and any bonuses of its 
DIRECT Star Protect Pro policy.
 We will not pay this benefit if claim arises from major cancer, heart attack of specified severity, coronary artery by-pass surgery, 
or angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery, where the insured was diagnosed with the disease within 90 
days from the date we issue the rider, endorsement to include or increase a benefit or reinstate the rider (whichever is the 
latest).
9 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 4.25% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund.
10 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 3.00% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund.
There are certain conditions whereby the benefits under the policy will not be payable. These are stated as exclusions in the policy 
contract. You are advised to read the policy contract for the full list of exclusions.
