Golfer’s InsuranceIMPORTANT NOTES
1 We pay up to $50,000 if you sustain bodily injury caused by violent, accidental, external and visible means whilst playing golf 
on any golf course or driving range resulting in:
(a) death within 12 months of the accident; or
(b) total and irrecoverable loss of all sight of one or both eyes; or
(c) loss or physical severance of one or two limbs
2 We reimburse you for medical expenses up to $1,000 if you sustain bodily injury caused by violent, accidental, external and 
visible means whilst playing golf on any golf course or driving range, provided the expenses are incurred within 12 months of 
the accident.
3 We indemnify you against loss of or damage to your golfing equipment including golf clubs, golf bags, golf balls, caddie-cars 
and umbrellas by any accident whilst at or in transit to or from any golf course or driving range.
4 We reimburse you up to $500 for your expenses for the customary entertainment of club members following your hole-in-one 
shot which you holed whilst playing in any competition and/or friendly game in any recognised golf course. You must present 
a properly authenticated certificate issued by the appropriate golf club and club bills dated not more than 48 hours from your 
hole-in-one shot.
5 Premium rate is inclusive of 8% GST, non-guaranteed and may be reviewed from time to time.
6 On reimbursement basis up to the amount stated.
There are certain conditions whereby the benefits under this plan will not be payable. These are stated as exclusions in the Policy 
Contract. You are advised to read the Policy Contract for the full list of exclusions.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms and conditions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/golfer-policy-
conditions.pdf .
All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable for your specific needs. If you are unsure if this 
plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance advisor. Otherwise, you may end up buying a 
plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be able to afford the premiums or get the insurance 
protection you want. If you find that this plan is not suitable after purchasing it, you may terminate it within the free-look period, 
and obtain a refund of premiums paid. We may recover from you any expense incurred in underwriting this plan.
Information is correct as at 1 January 2023
