About Income
Income was established in 1970 to provide affordable insurance for workers in Singapore. Today, two million people in Singapore look to Income for trusted advice and solutions when making their most important financial decisions. Our wide network of advisers and partners provide life, health and general insurance products and services to serve the protection, savings and investment needs of customers across all segments of society. Right from the start, Income was made different. Our social purpose of maximising value for our policyholders defines us as a social enterprise as we continue to make insurance accessible, affordable and sustainable for all. In 2017, Income had over $36.3 billion in assets under management. Our financial strength and diversified investment portfolio is reflected by our strong credit ratings which underpin the delivery of our commitment to customers. 
Income’s corporate social responsibility initiative, OrangeAid, is committed to empower a better 
future for children and youth from disadvantaged backgrounds. For more about Income, please visit www.income.com.sg.Get in touch
CLICK www.income.com.sg
DOWNLOAD   
Income Orange Mobile App
CALL 6788 1222 
MEET your Income adviser
CHAT instantly at  
www.income.com.sg/AdviserConnect
Yearly Enhanced PreX plans are available 
for purchase via Income branches and hotline 6788 1222.
IMPORTANT NOTES
1 For Enhanced PreX Superior and Prestige plans, you will have to co-pay 50% of your expenses claim due to pre-existing medical conditions under 
benefits in Section 1 – Cancelling your trip, Section 2 – Postponing your trip, Section 3 – Shortening your trip and Section 4 – Trip disruption.
2 For Enhanced PreX Basic, Superior and Prestige plans, we will not pay the first $100 for each visit of your outpatient medical treatment received overseas as well as overseas outpatient medical treatment by a Chinese medicine practitioner or a chiropractor arising from your pre-existing medical condition or any sickness you knew about. Please refer to the policy conditions for the sub-limit per visit to a Chinese medicine practitioner or a chiropractor.
3 We will pay you for travel delay if the public transport you are scheduled to travel in during your trip is delayed for more than six hours in a row and is not caused by you.
4 We do not cover claims arising from a pre-existing medical condition where you have been given a terminal prognosis with a life expectancy of under 12 months. Please refer to policy conditions for the precise definition of pre-existing medical conditions.
5 You can enjoy coverage under Enhanced PreX Basic, Superior and Prestige plans (single trip and yearly) for up to a maximum of 30 calendar days in a row per trip.
6 We will only pay for Trip Cancellation due to serious injury that you, your family members or travelling companion suffer if the event occurs after you have purchased your policy and it happened within 30 days before you leave Singapore.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms and conditions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/travel-policy-conditions.pdf.  
This policy is protected under the Policy Owners’ Protection Scheme which is administered by the Singapore Deposit Insurance Corporation (SDIC). 
Coverage for your policy is automatic and no further action is required from you. For more information on the types of benefits that are covered under the scheme as well as the limits of coverage where applicable, please contact Income or visit the GIA/LIA or SIDC websites (www.gia.org.sg  
or www.lia.org.sg or www.sdic.org.sg). 
Information is correct as of 5 December 2018Travel Insurance
TRAVEL INSURANCE