Coverage for pre-existing medical conditions
We are the first insurer in Singapore to offer a travel insurance policy that protects you against your pre-existing medical 
conditions4. Pre-existing medical conditions includes any known injury or sickness before you travel such as asthma and 
diabetes.
All Enhanced PreX plans offer coverage for all ages, from the young to the old. This includes coverage for children suffering 
from medical conditions such as asthma and eczema, to adults with hypertension and even elderly diagnosed with diabetes. 
Coverage for overseas medical expenses
We understand that the last thing on your mind is to be in bed all day long on a holiday due to any sickness or relapse. After all, holidays are meant to be fun and filled with activities. This is why we provide coverage for overseas medical expenses
2 so that you can seek professional treatment, recover soon and get back on your feet to enjoy your holiday 
experience to the fullest.
In times of emergency, you and your loved ones can get the best treatment possible, without worrying about hefty medical 
bills overseas.
Convenience with Yearly plans
Opt for Yearly Enhanced PreX plans to enjoy the same coverage as the corresponding single trip plan type with greater convenience so you can satisfy your wanderlust by travelling at your comfortable pace without the hassle of buying a new travel insurance plan before every holiday
5.
One plan for all your travel insurance needs
Enhanced PreX plan is a one-stop travel insurance plan that allows you to enjoy comprehensive coverage so you don’t have to purchase another travel insurance plan for all other benefits not relating to pre-existing medical conditions such as travel delays
3 and personal accident. 
What’s more, you can still get coverage for your trip even before you travel. In the event that your holiday is cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances like serious injury
6, you can be protected against paying for a holiday that didn’t happen.Travel Insurance
TRAVEL INSURANCE