Travel InsuranceIMPORTANT NOTES
1 Based on comparison of benefit limits for an insured person under Income’s Travel Insurance Preferred Plan and Enhanced 
PreX Prestige Plan for trip cancellation and trip shortening again st similar plans in Singapore.
We pay for overseas transport and accommodation expenses if your trip has been cancelled or shortened due to COVID-19. 
For trip cancellation, the event has to occur after you have purchased your policy and it happened within 30 days before you 
leave Singapore. The policy must be bought three days (or earlier) from the day of leaving Singapore unless the event is only 
accidental in nature.
2 Family cover provides coverage for 1 or 2 adults who are spouses or partners at the time of purchase and any number of their 
children as long as:
- Adult(s) is 16 years and above and is the parent or legal guardian of the children
- Child(ren) is below 21 years old and is the biological or legally adopted child(ren) or ward of the adult named under the  
policy
- Adult(s) and child(ren) must be insured under the same policy
- Adult(s) and child(ren) must travel together if they are insured under single trip plans (not applicable for yearly plans).
3 This policy does not cover claims for loss or liability directly or indirectly caused by or arising from extreme sports which  
involve speed, height, danger, a high level of physical exertion, highly specialized gear or spectacular stunts, whether they are 
played competitively or noncompetitively, in a team or individually. 
Adventurous activity means any recreational activity commonly available to the public that is done overseas during your trip 
for leisure or as part of the tour and which:
- is undertaken while complying with all safety procedures, such as wearing safety equipment and following rules and 
regulations; whether specifically advised or generally expected of  a reasonable person,
- where guidance and supervision of licensed guides or instructors are available, the recreational activity must be carried out 
under the guidance and supervision of licensed guides or instructors of the tour operator or activity provider, and
- is not excluded under the general exclusions listed in part 4 of the general conditions of the policy.
4 We will pay you for travel delay if the public transport you are scheduled to travel in during your trip is delayed for more than 
six hours in a row and is not caused by you.
5 Please refer to the policy conditions for the requirements and sub-limit per visit to a Chinese medicine practitioner or a 
chiropractor.
6 This policy provides cover for scuba diving if it is done for leisure purposes and 
- you hold a PADI certification (or similar recognised qualification) and are diving with a buddy who holds a PADI certification 
(or similar recognised qualification); or
- you are diving with a qualified instructor.
The maximum depth we will cover is as shown under your PADI certification (or similar recognised qualification) but no deeper 
than 30 metres.
7 This policy provides cover for trekking if it is done for leisure purposes and you are trekking below 4,000 metres, and as long 
as the trekking you are taking part in is:
- in a place which is open to the general public without restriction;
- organised by a recognised commercial local tour operator or activity provider; or
- under the guidance and supervision of licensed guides or instructors of the tour operator or activity provider and you wear 
the recommended safety equipment and follow the safety procedures, rules and regulations of the licensed guides or 
instructors.
