Overseas Study Protection PlanIMPORTANT NOTES
8 Section 20b – Medical expenses overseas due to COVID-19
Overseas medical expenses incurred due to COVID-19 of $200,000 is an overall section limit per insured person under ME 
Supreme. The most we will pay under this section is up to the sub-limits and the overall section limit shown in the table of 
cover.
This benefit will not cover claims directly or indirectly caused by or a rising from the following:
i. Any expenses incurred for mandatory COVID-19 diagnostic tests that you are required to take, such as Antigen Rapid Test 
(ART), Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) test, rostered routine tests, pre-departure tests and post-arrival tests, which do 
not form part of the treatment or diagnosis.
ii. Any medical expenses incurred for COVID-19 treatment in Singapore or your home country.
iii. Any medical expenses incurred for COVID-19 vaccine complications where the vaccine or vaccination is not approved by 
government authorities where you are taking the vaccination, or the World Health Organization (WHO) at the time of 
vaccination.
9 Section 20c - Emergency medical evacuation and sending you home due to COVID-19
Emergency medical evacuation and sending you home due to COVID-19 of $100,000 is an overall section limit per insured 
person under ME Supreme. The most we will pay under this section is up to the sub-limits and overall section limit shown in 
the table of cover.
This benefit will not cover claims directly or indirectly caused by or a rising from the following:
i. Any expenses incurred for mandatory COVID-19 diagnostic tests that you are required to take, such as Antigen Rapid Test 
(ART), Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) test, rostered routine tests, pre-departure tests and post-arrival tests, which do 
not form part of the treatment or diagnosis.
ii. Any medical expenses incurred for COVID-19 vaccine complications where the vaccine or vaccination is not approved by 
government authorities where you are taking the vaccination, or the World Health Organization (WHO) at the time of 
vaccination.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms and conditions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/ospp-policy-
conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable for your specific needs. If you 
are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance advisor. Otherwise, you may 
end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be able to afford the premiums 
or get the insurance protection you want. There are certain conditions whereby the benefits under the plan will not be payable. 
These are stated as exclusions in the policy contract. You are advised to read the policy contract for the full list of exclusions. 
This policy is protected under the Policy Owners’ Protection Scheme which is administered by the Singapore Deposit Insurance 
Corporation (SDIC). Coverage for your policy is automatic and no further action is required from you. For more information on the 
types of benefits that are covered under the scheme as well as the limits of coverage, where applicable, please contact Income or 
visit the GIA/LIA or SDIC websites (www.gia.org.sg or www.lia.org.sg or www.sdic.org.sg).
Information is correct as at 1 September 2022
