Overseas Study Protection PlanIMPORTANT NOTES
1 This policy covers you when you are overseas except when you are living in or travelling to or through Afghanistan, Iraq, 
Liberia, Sudan or Syria. If your home country is not Singapore, please note that we do not cover claims arising in your home 
country under section 3 – Overseas medical expenses incurred due to injury, section 4 – Overseas medical expenses incurred 
due to sickness (outpatient medical treatment only), and Section 20a – Overseas medical expenses incurred due to sickness 
and injury. Section 14 – Kidnap and hostage also does not cover claims arising in your home country, countries in Central or 
South America, or Africa, or any country in which United Nations armed forces are present and active. Section 20b – Medical 
expenses overseas due to COVID-19 does not cover claims arising for COVID-19 treatment in Singapore or your home country. 
2 You will need to pay the first $100 for each visit of your outpatient medical treatment due to sickness. 
3 This policy is available to insured person who are:
a between 8 and 65 years of age; unless you are a child insured under a family cover, then you must be more than 30 days 
but less than 25 years of age and unemployed throughout the period of insurance; and either
b i registered as a full-time or part-time student with an educational institution holding a valid student identification card 
issued by the educational institution and holding a Singapore National Registration Identification Card (NRIC) or valid 
Singapore student pass and residing overseas for purpose of study or student internship; or
 ii the legal spouse or child(ren) of the student insured under this policy and residing overseas with the student insured 
and holds a valid Singapore identification document such as a Singapore National Registration Identification Card 
(NRIC), employment pass, work permit, long-term visit pass; and
c studying or taking part in a student internship outside Singapore and outside your home country.
4 This means covering a maximum of 2 adults with: 
a the insured person registering as the student; and
b his/her legally married spouse; 
and any number of their children more than 30 days but less than 25 years of age named in the schedule. The child(ren) must:
• be the biological or legally adopted child of the adult described in paragraph a and b above; and
• not employed (full time or part time) during the term of the policy.
5 Section 19 – Alternative accommodation of $3,000 is an overall section limit per insured person under Plan 3. The most we will 
pay under this section is up to the sub-limits and overall section l imit shown in the table of cover.
6 Section 20a – Overseas medical expenses incurred due to sickness and injury of $200,000 is an overall section limit per insured 
person under ME Supreme. The most we will pay under this section is up to the sub-limits and overall section limit shown in 
the table of cover.
7  You must fulfil all vaccination, pre-departure tests and post-arrival tests requirements (if any) imposed by the destination 
country or transport operator at the time your trip is booked. You need not submit the test result or proof of vaccination at 
the time you sign up for the Overseas Medical Expenses rider but you must furnish it to us at the time you submit the claim.
 If you are overseas on the start date of the Overseas Medical Expenses rider, you will only be covered for COVID-19 after 
14 days from the start date of the Overseas Medical Expenses rider.
