Overseas Study Protection Plan24-hour worldwide¹ protection 
Stay protected and get worldwide coverage against outpatient medical expenses² and personal 
accidents while you study, take up an internship overseas or even when you take your leisure 
trips to explore cities or countries during your term break.
Protection against loss or damage of personal home contents in your 
overseas residence and coverage for alternative accommodation 
Living in a new country is exciting but it presents a different set of risks. Protect yourself against 
loss or damage of your overseas personal home contents (including laptop) stored at your 
overseas residence due to a natural disaster, fire or theft. We also provide coverage of up to 
$3,000⁵ for alternative accommodation in the event your overseas residence is unsuitable to 
live in due to the loss or damage caused by fire or natural disaster .
Coverage for you³ and your family⁴ while you are pursuing your studies 
or student internship overseas¹
Taking your spouse and children along with you for your overseas studies or student 
internships? Overseas Study Protection Plan also covers your spouse and children so you can 
focus on your learning journey with one less thing to worry about.
Enhance your coverage with two optional riders 
Overseas Medical Expenses rider enhances your overseas medical expenses coverage by up to 
$200,000⁶, while Trip Protect rider offers additional benefits to protect your leisure trips from 
theft or damage of personal belongings, unused entertainment tick et, trip disruption and more. 
Enjoy COVID-19⁷ cover when you opt for Overseas Medical Expenses rider
It takes a lot of courage to pursue your overseas studies amidst a pandemic. To relieve your 
worries during these challenging times, we have included the COVID-19⁷ medical cover in our 
Overseas Medical Expenses rider. You can get up to $200,000⁸ overseas medical expenses 
and up to $100,000⁹ emergency medical evacuation and sending you home benefits if you are 
diagnosed with COVID-19 overseas.
