Personal Mobility GuardIMPORTANT NOTES
1 Bicycle means a pedal bicycle, a pedal tricycle or a power-assisted bicycle.
2 Personal mobility device means a vehicle that —
(a) is designed to be used by one person;
(b) has one or more wheels that operate on a single axis;
(c) is propelled by an electric motor attached to the vehicle or by human power or both; and
(d) does not resemble a motor car or motor cycle. Personal mobility device includes (but not limited to) wheelchair, hoverboard, 
power scooter, power assisted unicycle, rollerblade, roller-skate, skateboard, skate-scooter and unicycle.  Personal mobility 
device does not include (but not limited to) a bicycle, trolley, any wheeled baby transport (for example perambulator and 
stroller), motor car and motor cycle.
3 This policy covers you while you are in Singapore only. It is only available to you if you are holding a valid Singapore identification 
document and are between the age of 8 years old and 65 years old. We may continue cover for you up to 70 years old and we 
may apply new terms; depending on our decision.
4 The accidental death or permanent disability suffered by the insured person due to an injury must happen within 12 months 
from the date of the accident. The amount of benefit payable is subject to the scale of compensation in the policy contract.
5 We will pay up to $2,500 per accident or up to 90 days from the date of the accident, whichever comes first in accordance to 
the terms of the policy. Medical expenses must be incurred in Singapore. You must pay the excess of $100 per accident before 
we will pay this benefit.
There are certain conditions whereby the benefits under this plan will not be payable. You can refer to your policy contract for the 
precise terms, conditions and exclusions of the plan.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms and conditions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/personal-
mobility-guard-policy-conditions.pdf . 
All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable for your specific needs. If you are unsure if this 
plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance advisor. Otherwise, you may end up buying a 
plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be able to afford the premiums or get the insurance 
protection you want. If you find that this plan is not suitable after purchasing it, you may terminate it within the free-look period, 
and obtain a refund of premiums paid. We may recover from you any expense incurred in underwriting this plan.
Information is correct as at 1 January 2023
