Domestic Helper InsuranceIMPORTANT NOTES
1 The accidental death or permanent disability suffered by your helper due to an injury must happen within 12 months from the 
date of the accident. The amount of benefit payable is subject to the scale of compensation in the policy contract.
2 The application (“App”) is owned, hosted and managed by MY-INSURER PTE LTD, a service provider of Income Insurance 
Limited (“Income”). Income may from time to time change the service provider or terminate this service without prior notice. 
Income is not responsible for the contents of the App, the consequences of accessing the App, any transaction in the App and 
the services provided in the App. The App, the service and the benefits therein are not part of any insurance policy.
3 The final claim amount you will receive depends on the relevant pro ration factor applicable to the eligible hospital and 
surgical expenses being claimed. Please refer to the policy conditions for the pro ration factor table.  
4 For cover on inpatient hospital and surgical expenses only. Please refer to the policy conditions for more details. 
5 This Letter of Guarantee (LOG) service is only applicable if your domestic helper is hospitalised at a Singapore government 
restructured hospital. For policies with start dates before 1 July 2023, the LOG limit will be $15,000 per year. For policies with 
start dates from 1 July 2023, the LOG limit will be $60,000 per year. The LOG amount issued will depend on the actual hospital 
bill and is subject to our policy terms and conditions and individual hospital guidelines.
6 Covers pre-existing medical condition provided your domestic helper has been working in Singapore as a foreign domestic 
helper for more than 12 months in a row.
7 Pro ration factor will apply if your domestic helper is admitted into a ward higher than B2 in a restructured hospital or admitted 
in an overseas hospital due to an emergency. Please refer to the policy conditions for the pro ration factor table. For policies 
with start date from 1 July 2023, co-payment will also apply to claims above $15,000 up to the maximum benefit limit per year.
8 We will pay for the expenses charged by the employment agency for the termination of your domestic helper when you stop 
employing your domestic helper because she is suffering from a serious sickness or serious injury. 
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms, conditions and exclusions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/
domestic-helper-policy-conditions.pdf .
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC. 
Information is correct as at 16 June 2023
