Get in touch
MEET your Income adviser
CHAT instantly at  
www.income.com.sg/AdviserConnect
CALL 6788 1122 
CLICK www.income.com.sgSilver Secure
TERM LIFE INSURANCE
IMPORTANT NOTES
1 If the insured is diagnosed with a specified senior disease, you will start to receive the chosen monthly benefit till age 100. This benefit can 
be claimed only once. The monthly benefit will end upon the insured’s death; or at the end of the contract term, whichever is the earliest. We 
will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or was diagnosed with the illnesses or conditions at any 
time before the cover start date, or if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or was diagnosed with Amyotrophic Lateral 
Sclerosis or Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) at any time before or within 90 days after the cover start date. Cover start date refers to the date we issue the policy or the date we issue an endorsement to include or increase a benefit, or the date we reinstate the 
policy (whichever is the latest). The definitions for the specified senior diseases can be found in the policy contract. 
2 If the insured is diagnosed with any of the conditions covered under special benefit, a lump sum amount which is equal to three times of the 
monthly benefit will be paid out under the special benefit. The lump sum amount is subject to a cap of S$6,000. It can only be claimed once. We will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or was diagnosed with, the illnesses or conditions at any time before or within 180 days after the cover start date.
3 If you succeed in claiming the senior disease benefit, a lump sum amount which is equal to six times of the monthly benefit will be paid out under the support benefit. The support benefit can only be claimed once. We will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or was diagnosed with the illnesses or conditions at any time before the cover start date, or if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or was diagnosed with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis or Severe Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) at any 
time before or within 90 days after the cover start date.
4 If you succeed in claiming the senior disease benefit, we will waive premiums that are due from the date the insured is diagnosed with a 
specified senior disease, until the end of the policy. The policy will end upon the insured’s death; when all benefits under the policy had been paid; or at the end of the contract term, whichever is the earliest.
5 You can find the list of preferred healthcare providers and details of their offers, including the applicable terms and conditions, provided under this benefit on the Income website. The list of preferred healthcare providers will be subject to change anytime. This benefit will not be provided if the policy has ended. 
6 If the insured dies after one year from the cover start date, a death benefit of $10,000 will be paid out. If the insured dies within one year from 
the cover start date, the total premium paid, will be refunded from the cover start date. The policy will end after the death benefit is paid out. 
7 This plan is not guaranteed acceptance and is subjected to underwriting. We will not pay any benefits if your claim arises from a material pre-
existing condition that was not told to us. Please refer to the policy contract for further details.About IncomeIncome was established in 1970 to provide affordable insurance for workers in Singapore. Today, two million people in Singapore look to Income for trusted advice and solutions when making their most important financial decisions. Our wide network of advisers and partners provide life, health and general insurance products and services to serve the protection, savings and investment needs of customers across all segments of society. Right from the start, Income was made different. Our social purpose of maximising value for our policyholders defines us as a social enterprise as we continue to make insurance accessible, affordable and sustainable for all. In 2017, Income had over $36.3 billion in assets under management. Our financial strength and diversified investment portfolio is reflected by our strong credit ratings which underpin the delivery of our commitment to customers. 
Income’s corporate social responsibility initiative, OrangeAid, is committed to empower a 
better future for children and youth from disadvantaged backgrounds. For more about Income, please visit www.income.com.sg.
