Gro Annuity ProIMPORTANT NOTES
1 Bonus rates are not guaranteed and will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating Fund.
2 If the policyholder taking the annuity dies, we will pay the single premium less the total annuity payments, provided the total 
annuity payments made is less than the single premium. We will take any policy loan and interest from the benefit amount we 
will pay. The policy will end when we make this payment. We will not pay any further benefits. 
3 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 4.25% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund.
4 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 3.00% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund. 
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms and conditions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/gro-
annuity-pro-policy-conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable for your 
specific needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance 
advisor. Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be 
able to afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you want. Buying a life insurance plan is a long-term commitment 
on your part. If you cancel your plan prematurely, the cash value you receive may be zero or less than the premiums you have 
paid for the plan.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Information is correct as at 1 September 2022
