GH/Child Illness Rider/201509 Page 2 of 3 3.3 Change in premium
The premium for this rider that you pay can
change from time totime. Ifwe change the
premium forthis rider ,wewillwrite toyou atyour
last known address, atleast 30days before the
change istotake place, totellyou what your new
premium for this rider is.We will change the
premium forthis rider only ifthechange applies to
all policies within the same class.
4What you need 
to be aware of
4.1 Cancelling the rider
You may cancel this rider bygiving usatleast 30days’
notice inwriting. We will tellyou the date itwill end.
Cancelling your rider will not affect the validity ofyour
policy .
4.2 Ending the rider
This rider will end automatically and immediately:
a ifyour policy iscancelled orends orhaslapsed
forany reason, even iftheperiod ofgrace has
not come to an end; or  
b atthe end ofthe policy year inwhich the
insured  reaches the age of 25. 
We will not renew this rider if:
• we have paid any benefit for child-related
illnesses;    
• wehave paid atotal amount of100% ofthe
sum assured inapolicy year foraccidental
fracture oftheskull, spine, pelvis orfemur (as
the case may be); 
• you do not pay the premium for this rider ; or
• this rider ends;
whichever happens first.
4.3 Reinstating the rider
Ifthis rider iscancelled because you have notpaid
the premiums ,you may apply toreinstate your
rider.
You candothis ifweagree and you meet allofthe
following conditions. 
 aYou must pay allpremiums forthe rider you
owe before we will reinstate your policy .b We will notpay forany child-related illness or
accidental fracture ofskull, spine, pelvis or
femur which happen between the date this
rider ends and the date immediately before
the reinstatement date  of this rider.
c Ifthere isany change intheinsured ’smedical
orphysical condition, wemay add exclusions
orcharge anextra premium forthis rider from
the reinstatement date . 
Toavoid doubt, ifweaccept any premium forthis
rider after this rider has ended, itdoes not mean
wewill not enforce our rights under this rider or
create any liability forusinterms ofany claim. Our
responsibility topay will only arise after wehave
reinstated this rider.
4.4 The terms and conditions of your 
policy  
Unless they are changed by this rider:
a allother terms and conditions ofyour policy
willnotchange and willapply tothis rider, ifit
applies; and  
b words defined inthedefinitions section ofthe
conditions ofyour policy ,ifused inthis rider,
will have the same meanings.
Ifthere isanyinconsistency between theterms and
conditions ofthis rider and your policy ,theterms
and conditions of this rider will apply. 
4.5 Exclusions
Allexclusions under your policy will apply tothis
rider.
5Definitions
List of child-related illnesses covered under this rider.
Severe asthma -acondition where atleast three ofthe
following must be present in the insured.
• Ahistory ofstatus asthmaticus (where theasthma
worsens and does not respond toconventional
treatment) within the past two years.
• Asignificant and persistent limit ofthe peak
expiratory flow rate.
• Chest deformities resulting from chronic
hyperinflation.