GH/Child Illness Rider/201509 Page 1 of 3 1 What your rider covers
This rider provides benefits for child-related illnesses
and for fractures for skull, spine, pelvis or femur shown
below as well as the  benefits  covered under  your policy . 
We pay the following benefits  under this rider.
1.1 Child-related illnesses 
If the insured is diagnosed with any child-related
illnesses (as defined in clause 5), we pay in any
policy year 100% of the sum assured less any
amount paid under accidental fracture of the skull,
spine, pelvis or femur in the same policy year . This
applies as long as the following apply.
a Apart from leukaemia, the first confirmed
diagnosis of the child-related illness must not
be made within two calendar months from the
start date of this rider or last reinstatement
date (if any) of this rider. For leukaemia, the
first confirmed diagnosis must not be made
within three calendar months from the start
date of this rider or last reinstatement date (if
any) of this rider.
b The date of the first confirmed diagnosis of the
child-related illness must be before the expiry
date of the policy year in which the insured
reaches the age of 25 years.
c The insured must not die within one calendar
month from the date of first confirmed
diagnosis of the child-related illness.
1.2 Accidental fracture of skull, spine, pelvis
or femur
We pay in any policy year a sum equal to 10% of
the sum assured for each accident if as a direct
result of the accident , the insured suffers from any
fracture of the skull, spine, pelvis or femur as long
as:
a the accident does not happen within two
calendar months from the start date of this
rider or last reinstatement date (if any) of this
rider;
b the accident happens before the end of the
policy year in which the insured reaches the
age of 25 years;
c the total amount due under this benefit is not
more than 100% of the sum assured; andd because of the fracture the insured must be
admitted to a hospital for treatment, or if the
fracture is a hairline fracture, it must involve
the periosteum or articular surface.
2 Our responsibilities 
to you
Our responsibilities to you are only for the cover and
period shown in this endorsement or renewal certificate
(as the case may be) and depend on the terms,
conditions and limits of this rider.
3 Your responsibilities
3.1 Premium
The amount of premium for the rider which you
have to pay to usto receive the benefits in clause 1
is set out above. If this rider is added to your policy
during a policy year , the premium for this rider for
that policy year will be pro-rated. You must pay
the premium for the rider  every year.
Wegive you 60 days’ grace from the renewal date
of this rider to pay the premium for this rider .
During this period of grace , this rider will stay in
force. You must first pay any outstanding premium
for this rider ,premium foryour policy or amounts
you owe usbefore wepay any claim under this
rider.
Ifyou still have not paid the premium for this rider
after the period of grace , this rider will be
cancelled. This cancellation will apply from the
renewal date of this rider .
You are responsible for making sure that the
premium for this rider  is paid up to date.
3.2 Refunding the premium when this
rider ends
Wewill refund the unused pro-rated portion of the
premium for this rider toyou in cash when this
rider ends.Important: 
This is a sample of the policy document. To determine the 
precise terms, conditions and exclusions of your cover, please 
refer to the actual policy and any endorsement issued to you.