Mortgage TermIMPORTANT NOTES 
1 The sum assured that is paid depends on the policy year in which the insured becomes totally and permanently disabled 
(before the age of 70), becomes terminally ill, or dies.
2 Essential Protect, Dread Disease Premium Waiver and Enhanced Payor Premium Waiver 
You can find the list of specified dread diseases and their definitions in their respective policy contracts. We will not pay this 
benefit if the insured is diagnosed with the disease within 90 days from the date we issue the rider, include or increase any 
benefit, or reinstate the rider (whichever is latest) for major cancer, heart attack of specified severity and coronary artery 
by-pass surgery, angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery or other serious coronary artery disease. For 
angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery, we will pay 10% of the rider sum assured, subject to a maximum 
amount of $25,000. The benefit for angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery will end once we make this 
payment, and the sum assured of the rider will be reduced accordingly after the payment.
For Dread Disease Premium Waiver and Enhanced Payor Premium Waiver, the premium waiver benefits do not apply for 
angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery.
3 For Enhanced Payor Premium Waiver and Payor Premium Waiver, the premium waiver benefits are applicable only if the 
insured is not the policyholder.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms and conditions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/mortgage-
term-policy-conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable for your specific 
needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance advisor. 
Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be able to 
afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you want. This plan does not have any cash value. 
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Information is correct as at 1 September 2022 
