DrivoTM Car InsuranceIMPORTANT NOTES
1 Roadside Breakdown Assistance Benefit
If your vehicle cannot be driven due to any puncture to its tyre(s) or any mechanical or electrical breakdown and not due to an 
accident involving your vehicle, we will pay you the reasonable expenses incurred on site up to $200 once for each period of 
insurance for the following services rendered:
- Service charge to replace the defective batteries.
- Service charge to replace the punctured tyre.
- Towing fee incurred to tow the vehicle to the policyholder’s preferred workshop. 
- Any other services charges necessarily incurred on site arising out of the breakdown.
The costs of replacing any part stated above is not covered by this Benefit. 
If the vehicle breaks down, you have to contact the breakdown service provider to assist you. To submit your claim for this 
benefit, you must provide the following within 30 days of the breakdown:
- Claim form. 
- Photographic evidence of the service(s) provided on site.
- Tax invoice/ Receipt with details on the type of services performed by the service provider and payment made. 
2 Additional Medical Expenses
We will pay you a further sum of up to $1,000 for reasonable medical expenses which you have paid due to an accident 
involving your vehicle while you are the driver of, or a passenger, for the following treatments: 
- Your pregnancy related check-up or treatment necessitated and due to the accident; or
- Your cosmetic (aesthetic, plastic surgery or dental treatment, or any treatment) reconstructive surgery.
We will only pay the cosmetic reconstructive benefit if the treatment is carried out:
a. to restore any loss of function or change in appearance due to an injury or a condition sustained by you as a result of an 
accident involving your vehicle;
b. within 30 days after the date of the accident; and
c. by a medical practitioner registered under the Medical Registration Act. 
This benefit is only payable to you once per period of insurance and provided you have a claim which is paid or payable by us 
under Section 1 of this policy.
3 Additional Personal Accident Benefits
We will pay you or your personal representative the amount shown in the scale of compensation for death or bodily injury 
arising out of an accident while you are the driver of, or a passenger in, your vehicle.
Scale of compensation:
a. Death - $10,000
b. Total and permanent loss of all sight in both eyes - $10,000
c. Total loss by physical severance at or above the wrist or ankle of both hands or both feet or of one hand together with one 
foot - $10,000
d. Total loss by physical severance at or above the wrist or ankle of one hand or one foot together with the total and 
permanent loss of all sight in one eye - $10,000
e. Total and permanent loss of all sight in one eye - $5,000
f. Total loss by physical severance at or above wrist or ankle of one hand or one foot - $5,000
We will only pay one of the items listed from a to f above for any one accident. If you die and/or suffer several injuries, we will 
only pay for the one item that provides the highest compensation. Our maximum limit that we will pay for any one accident 
is $10,000.
If you have more than one private car policy with us, we will pay under one of the policies only.
This benefit applies to the policyholder who is pregnant at the material time of the accident.
We will not pay you any compensation if the loss or injury is not listed in the scale of compensation.
