AstraLinkIMPORTANT NOTES
1 Take advantage of investing early, J.P. Morgan Asset Management, https://am.jpmorgan.com/sg/en/asset-management/per/
insights/market-insights/market-updates/on-the-minds-of-investors/take_advantage_of_investing_early_20211025/
2 2017 Protection Gap Study – Singapore, LIA, https://www.lia.org.sg/media/1332/protection-gap-study-report-2017.pdf 
3 Sum assured multiple means the factor we use to work out your sum assured for your basic policy, or for a specific rider that 
you attach to your basic policy, based on your regular premium when we issue the policy. The sum assured multiple cannot be 
changed unless the retirement option is exercised. The Minimum Protection Value (MPV) is applicable before the anniversary 
immediately after the insured reaches the age of 70.
4 Each time the insured experiences a life event, you may choose to take up the Guaranteed insurability option, subject to the 
policy’s terms and conditions. Please refer to the policy conditions for further details on the life events and the applicable 
terms and conditions.
5 Policyholders can stop paying regular premium temporarily during the MIP from the 2nd anniversary, provided the policy 
value is sufficient to cover the applicable fees and charges. Premium holiday charges apply if premium holiday is taken 
during MIP.
6 Critical Protect (ILP) is a whole life unit deducting rider. The policy term of this rider will follow the policy term of the basic 
policy. This rider cannot be terminated during the MIP of the basic policy. For angioplasty and other invasive treatment for 
coronary artery, we will pay 10% of what we would have paid for the other specified dread diseases, subject to a maximum 
amount of $25,000. The benefit for angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery will end once we make this 
payment. The rider will continue with a reduced sum assured.
7 If the insured was taking part in a restricted activity at the time of the accident, we will only pay an additional 30% of the sum 
assured on top of the TPD benefit or death benefit. We will pay this benefit only if TPD or death happens within 365 days of 
the accident. The policy will end when we make this payment.
8 This figure is based on illustrated investment return of 8.00% per annum. The rate of return used is before deducting the annual 
management fees of the funds. The figures above assumes that the annual management fee is 1.30% p.a. The performance of 
the funds is not guaranteed and the policy value may be less than the capital invested. 
9 This figure is based on illustrated investment return of 4.00% per annum. The rate of return used is before deducting the annual 
management fees of the funds. The figures above assumes that the annual management fee is 1.30% p.a. The performance of 
the funds is not guaranteed and the policy value may be less than the capital invested. 
This information is not to be construed as an offer or solicitation for the subscription, purchase or sale of any investment-linked 
plan (ILP) sub-fund. The information and descriptions contained in this material are provided solely for general informational 
purposes and do not constitute any financial advice. It does not have regard to the specific investment objectives, financial 
situation and particular needs of any persons.
Investments are subject to investment risks including the possible loss of the principal amount invested. Before committing to the 
minimum investment period, you may want to consider how long is your investment expectations or needs and whether you are 
able to keep up with the premium payment should your financial situation changed. Past performance, as well as the prediction, 
projection or forecast on the economy, securities markets or the economic trends of the markets are not necessarily indicative of 
the future or likely performance of the ILP sub-fund. The performance of the ILP sub-fund is not guaranteed and the value of the 
units in the ILP sub-fund and the income accruing to the units, if any, may fall or rise. A product summary and product highlights 
sheet(s) relating to the ILP sub-fund are available and can be obtained from your insurance advisor or online at www.income.
com.sg/funds. A potential investor should read the product summary and product highlights sheet(s) before deciding whether to 
subscribe for units in the ILP sub-fund.
