LUVIMPORTANT NOTES
1 Your husband or wife and children will be eligible for the application of coverage only if you, as the insured and member of 
NTUC, are covered under the same LUV cover, unless your application has been declined or postponed by Income in view of 
underwriting. The plan type (sum assured) for your husband or wife and children should not be higher than your plan type 
(sum assured) unless your plan type (sum assured) has been reduced by Income due to underwriting reasons. If you end your 
policy, the cover for your husband or wife and children will end. The cover for your husband or wife will also end if you are 
separated or divorced from your husband or wife.
2 Premium rate is applicable only to insured aged 19 to 45 (age next birthday) for sum assured at $100,000 under the Deluxe 
cover. 
3 30 critical illnesses coverage is only applicable under the Deluxe cover. Please refer to the list of 30 critical illnesses on our 
website. For major cancer, coronary artery by-pass surgery, heart attack of specified severity and angioplasty and other 
invasive treatment for coronary artery, a waiting period of 90 days from the start date or reinstatement date (if any) of the 
insured’s cover, whichever is later will apply. For the other remaining critical illnesses, a waiting period of 30 days from the 
start date or reinstatement date (if any) of the insured’s cover, whichever is later will apply. 
4 Partial and permanent disability must happen within 365 days from the date of the accident. Table of compensation will apply 
for partial and permanent disability due to an accident before the age of 65. Please refer to the table of compensation on our 
website. 
5 The oldest you and your husband or wife can take up this policy is age 64. If you take up the policy at or before the age of 60, 
you will be covered till you reach the age of 70. If you take up the policy after the age of 60, you will be covered till you reach 
the age of 65. 
6 You will receive a daily hospital cash benefit of $100 ($5.00 for every $10,000 of the sum assured) if your sum assured is 
$200,000. Each stay in the hospital must be for at least six hours in a row unless the insured’s stay in the hospital is for a 
surgical operation, or the hospital bills for daily room and board charges. A waiting period of 30 days from the start date of 
the insured’s cover will apply, unless the insured’s stay in the hospital is due to an accident.
7 Your child must be at least 15 days old at the point of application. The oldest your child can take up this policy is age 17. Your 
child’s cover will end when your child reaches the age of 25. This plan does not cover any claim or loss arising from insured 
taking part in full-time National Service.
This is for general information only. National Trades Union Congress (“NTUC”) is the policyholder. You can find the usual terms 
and conditions of LUV plan in the master policy contract issued to NTUC. The cover for LUV plan will automatically end upon the 
termination of the master policy by either Income or NTUC. All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all 
may be suitable for your specific needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a 
qualified insurance advisor. Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, 
you may not be able to afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you want. This plan does not have any cash value. 
This plan is underwritten and issued by Income.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Information is correct as at 1 September 2022
