Gro Retire Flex  PROIMPORTANT NOTES
11 Interest rate of 3.00% per annum is not guaranteed. Prevailing interest rate at the point of deposit will be determined by us. 
Any cash benefits paid under the Disability Care Benefit cannot be accumulated with us.
12 Any change in payout period must be done at least 30 days before the first monthly cash benefit is due. The payout period 
cannot be changed after a claim has been made on the Disability Care Benefit.
13 Future premiums on the basic policy and Gro Retire Flex Pro – Protection Benefit rider will be waived for the remaining 
premium term from the date of diagnosis, if the insured is diagnosed with any one of the covered conditions, arising from 
accidental injury or sickness during the accumulation period and provided that the premium term has not ended.
14 Lump sum benefit equivalent to 6 times the monthly cash benefit will be paid only if the insured is diagnosed with the covered 
conditions during the accumulation period.
15 The additional amount is equivalent to 50% of the monthly cash benefit (capped at $3,000) which will be paid on top of the 
monthly cash benefit during the payout period or until the Gro Retire Flex Pro – Protection Benefit rider ends, whichever is 
earlier. For policies issued by us that include Disability Care Benefit, no matter how many of such policies we have issued for 
the insured, we will pay no more than:
- a total of S$3,000 for the additional amount, on top of the monthly cash benefit for the same insured; and
- a total of S$1.1 million, including additional monthly cash benefits, lump-sum benefit and premiums waived, under the 
Disability Care Benefit for the same insured.
16 If you are retrenched, you will not have to pay the premiums for the basic policy and the Gro Retire Flex Pro – Protection 
Benefit rider for six months from the next premium due date onwards. For this to apply, you must meet all the following 
conditions.
- You must have paid at least six months’ premiums.
- Your retrenchment must have taken place no earlier than six months after the cover start date.
- You have not been able to find employment for three months in a row after being retrenched.
17 At the end of the 5th month when you have stop paying premium, you can choose to defer the premiums for your basic policy 
and its rider, Gro Retire Flex Pro – Protection Benefit and any optional riders for the next 6 months (“deferment period”). 
For this benefit to apply, you must remain retrenched and is unable to pay premiums, the basic policy does not have any or 
sufficient cash value to activate the automatic premium loan and you must inform us at least one month before the start of 
the deferment period. During the deferment period, your basic policy, Gro Retire Flex Pro – Protection Benefit rider and any 
optional rider will still remain in force, anniversary remains unchanged, any cash benefit payable will be paid after deducting 
the deferred premiums due and bonus will continue to be declared. At the end of the deferment period, you will need to pay 
the deferred 6 months premium in a single payment. This benefit can only be claimed once under this Gro Retire Flex Pro – 
Protection Benefit rider.
18 You can further enhance your protection with Enhanced Payor Premium Waiver, Dread Disease Premium Waiver or Cancer 
Premium Waiver (GIO) rider. You are not required to undergo any medical underwriting unless you are applying for the 
Enhanced Payor Premium Waiver or Dread Disease Premium Waiver rider to your policy.
19 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 4.25% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund. The calculation for the illustrated yield at maturity also assumes that all cash benefits and cash bonuses due for the 
entire policy term are paid out to the policyholder.
