Gro Retire Flex  PROIMPORTANT NOTES
1 Rethinking Retirement, Fullerton Fund Management, www.fullertonfund.com/documents/insights/Rethinking_Retirement.pdf
2 Household Expenditure Survey 2017/2018, www.singstat.gov.sg/modules/infographics/hes/household-expenditure 
3 www.straitstimes.com/business/economy/singapore-core-inflation-jumps-to-13-year-high-in-may-amid-rising-food-prices,  
ST Online, 23 June 2022
4 The cash payout consists of a monthly cash benefit and a non-guaranteed cash bonus.
5 Only yourself (policyholder before the age of 65 years old), your spouse (before the age of 65 years old), or your child or ward 
(before the age of 18 years old) can be the secondary insured at the time of exercising this option. You can exercise this option 
to appoint a secondary insured no more than three times, and provided the following conditions are met:
- The premium of this policy is paid only with cash;
- No nomination of beneficiary has been made for this policy; and
- There is no change to the ownership of this policy including assignment, bankruptcy and trust.
6 We will also pay any cash benefits and cash bonuses which have built up (accumulated). The policy terminates thereafter. Net 
premium(s) means the regular or single premium amount as shown in the policy schedule, or the reduced regular or single 
premium amount if a part of this policy has been cashed in earlier. If you change the frequency of your regular premium 
amount, we will use the then current regular premium amount to work out all net premium(s) paid. Net premium(s) do not 
include the premiums paid on riders.
7 For regular premium policy, Gro Retire Flex Pro includes Gro Retire Flex Pro – Protection Benefit, a non-participating rider, 
which includes the Accidental Death Benefit, Disability Care Benefit and Retrenchment Benefit. Please refer to the policy 
contract for further details.
8 If the insured dies as a result of an accident (before the anniversary immediately after the insured reaches the age of 70), we 
will pay an additional 105% of all net premium(s) paid, on top of the death benefit, as long as the insured was not taking part in 
a restricted activity at the time of the accident. If the insured was taking part in a restricted activity at the time of the accident, 
we will only pay an additional 63% of all net premium(s) paid, on top of the death benefit. We will pay this benefit only if the 
death happens within 365 days of the accident. Please refer to the policy contract for further details.
If you have appointed a secondary insured before the insured dies as a result of an accident (before the anniversary immediately 
after insured reaches the age of 70), we will not pay this benefit. Upon the accidental death of the insured, the secondary 
insured becomes the insured and the basic policy and its rider, Gro Retire Flex Pro – Protection Benefit, will continue.
9 Disability Care Benefit will apply upon diagnosis of the insured with any one of the conditions – loss of use of one limb, loss of 
speech, loss of sight of one eye and loss of hearing, arising from accidental injury or sickness during the term of the Gro Retire 
Flex Pro – Protection Benefit rider. The benefit will be paid according to the date of diagnosis. There are certain conditions 
under which no benefits will be payable. Please refer to the policy contract for the definition of each condition and the 
circumstances in which a claim can be made.
For policies issued by us that include a Disability Care Benefit, no matter how many of such policies we have issued for the 
insured, we will pay no more than:
- a total of S$3,000 for the additional amount, on top of the monthly cash benefit for the same insured; and
- a total of S$1.1 million, including additional monthly cash benefits, lump-sum benefit and premiums waived, under the 
Disability Care Benefit for the same insured.
10 If the policy has not already ended, when the accumulation period ends, we will check the cash value of this policy. If the cash 
value is less than $10,000 after taking into account the policy loan and interest, we will pay you the policy’s cash value and the 
policy will end. If the cash value is at least $10,000 after taking into account the policy loan and interest, the payout period will 
begin and we will pay you a monthly cash benefit for the next 10, 20 years or till age 100, depending on the payout period you 
have chosen, or until the policy ends.
The monthly cash benefit is the ‘cash benefit’ amount shown in the policy schedule. If you change your regular premium 
amount or payout period, we will work out a new monthly cash benefit. We will pay the first monthly cash benefit on the policy 
anniversary immediately after the end of the accumulation period. You cannot change the payout period once we have paid 
the first monthly cash benefit. If this policy has not already ended, it will end when we pay the last cash benefit.
