LHO/ DailyCash Rider/201603   Page 2 of 4 
 accident  or illness  from the same c onfirmed 
diagnosis. This applies as long as:  
a if the insured  has been discharged from 
hospital  for more than 90 days, any future 
hospitalisation for the same accident  or 
illness from the same confirmed diagnosis 
will be treated as arising from a separate or  
different accident  or illness ; and  
b apart from hospitalisation  as a result of an 
accident , the start date of any 
hospitalisation  is 30 days after the start 
date of this rider or last reinstatement 
date  (if any) of this rider.  
 
We do not pay the get-well b enefit if: 
 the insured dies during the hospitalisation ; 
or 
 the hospitalisation  is for less than 48 hours.  
 
 
 
2       Our responsibilities to you         
 
 
Our responsibilities to you are only for the 
cover and period shown in this endorsement or 
renewal ce rtificate  (as the case may be) and 
depend on the terms, conditions and limits of 
this rider.  
 
 
 
3       Your responsibilities         
 
 
3.1 Premium  
 
The amount of premium  for the rider  which  
you have to pay to us to receive the benefits  in 
clause 1 is set out above. If this rider is added to 
your policy  during a policy year , the  premium 
for this rider  for that policy year  will be pro -
rated. You must pay the premium for the rider  
every year.  
 We give you 60 days’ grace from the renewal 
date of this rider  to pay the premium  for this 
rider . During this period of grace , this rider will 
stay in force. You must first pay any 
outstanding premium  for this rider , premium  
for your policy  or amounts you owe us before 
we pay any claim under this rider.  
 
If you still h ave not paid the premium for this 
rider after the period of grace , this rider will be 
cancelled. This cancellation will apply from the 
renewal date of this rider . 
 
You are responsible for making sure that the 
premium for this rider  is paid up to date.  
 
 
3.2 Refunding the premium when this 
rider ends  
 
We will refund the unused pro -rated portion of 
the premium for this rider  to you in cash when 
this rider ends.  
 
 
3.3 Change in premium  
 
The premium for this rider  that you pay can 
change from time to time. If we change the 
premium for this rider , we will write to you at 
your  last known address, at least 30 days 
before the change is to take place, to  tell you 
what your  new premium for this rider  is. We 
will change the premium for this rider  only if 
the change ap plies to all policies within the 
same class.  
 
 
 
4       What you need to be aware of         
 
 
4.1 Cancelling the rider  
 
You may cancel this rider by giving us at least 
30 days’ notice in writing. We will tell you the 