LHO/ DailyCash Rider/201603   Page 3 of 4 
 date it will end. Cancelling your  rider will not 
affect the validity of your policy . 
 
 
4.2 Ending the rider  
 
This rider will end automatically and 
immediately:  
a if your policy  is cancelled or ends or has 
lapsed for any reason, even if the period of 
grace  has not come to an end; or   
b at the end of the policy year  in which the 
insured  reaches the age of 85.  
 
 
4.3 Reinstating the rider  
 
If this rider is cancelled because you have not 
paid the premiums , you may apply to reinstate 
your  rider.  
 
You can do this if we agree and you meet all of 
the foll owing conditions.   
a You must pay all premiums  for the rider  
you owe before we will reinstate your 
policy . 
b We will not pay for any stay in hospital  
which happens between the date this rider 
ends and the date immediately before the 
reinstatement date  of this rider.  
c If there is any change in the insured ’s 
medical or physical condition, we may add 
exclusions or charge an extra premium for 
this rider  from the reinstatement date .  
 
To avoid doubt, if we accept any premium for 
this rider  after this  rider has ended,  it does not 
mean we will not enforce our rights under this 
rider or create any liability for us in terms of 
any claim. Our responsibility to pay will only 
arise after we have reinstated this rider.  
 
 
4.4 The terms and conditions of your 
policy  
 Unless th ey are changed by this rider:  
a all other terms and conditions of your 
policy  will not change and will apply to this 
rider, if it applies; and  
b words defined in the definitions section of 
the conditions of your policy , if used in this 
rider, will have the sa me meanings.  
 
If there is any inconsistency between the terms 
and conditions of this rider and your policy , the 
terms and conditions of this rider will apply.  
 
 
4.5 Exclusions  
 
All exclusions under  your policy  will apply to 
this rider except that the excl usions in clauses 
4.18(e), (g) and (h) of your policy  will be 
deleted and replaced with the following.  
 
(e) Birth defects, including hereditary disorders, 
and congenital sickness or abnormalities 
(including those covered under congenital 
abnormalities bene fit, if it applies).  
 
(g)  Psychological disorders, personality 
disorders, mental conditions or behavioural 
disorders, including any addiction or 
dependence arising from these disorders 
such as gambling or gaming addiction  
(including those covered under in patient 
psychiatric treatment benefit, if it applies).  
 
(h)  Pregnancy, childbirth, miscarriage, abortion 
or termination of pregnancy, or any form of 
related stay in hospital  or treatment 
(including those covered under pregnancy 
complications benefit, if i t applies).  
 
 
 
5       Definitions         
 
 
For the purposes of this rider, we have added 
the following definitions.  