Maternity 360IMPORTANT NOTES 
1 The total amount paid under this pregnancy complications benefit will not exceed 100% of the sum assured. This benefit will 
end when we make this payment. Please refer to the policy contract for further details and definitions of the insured events.
2 We will pay 100% of the sum assured if the insured child is live-born and is diagnosed with any of the insured events under 
the congenital illnesses benefit in the child’s benefit table. The total amount paid under this congenital illness benefit will not 
exceed 100% of the sum assured. This benefit will end when we make this payment. Please refer to the policy contract for 
further details and definitions of the insured events.
3 If the insured mother has to stay in a hospital due to any of the insured events under the hospital care benefit in the mother’s 
benefit table and the hospitalisation is within 42 days after the birth of insured child, we will pay 1% of the sum assured for 
each day she is in the hospital, up to a maximum of 30 days and the stay must be during the contract term. To avoid doubt, 
if the stay in hospital is due to multiple medical conditions, we will only pay 1% of the sum assured for each day the insured 
mother stays in the hospital. The total amount paid under this hospital care benefit will not exceed 30% of the sum assured. 
This benefit will end upon payment of 30% of the sum assured. Please refer to the policy contract for further details and 
definitions of the insured events.
4 If the insured child stays in the intensive care unit or high dependency unit of a hospital due to any of the insured events under 
hospital care benefit for the child, we will pay 1% of the sum assured for each day the insured child is in the hospital, up to a 
maximum of 30 days and the stay must be during the contract term. To avoid doubt, if the stay in hospital is due to multiple 
medical conditions, we will only pay 1% of the sum assured for each day the insured child stays in the intensive care unit or 
high dependency unit of a hospital. For phototherapy or blood transfusion for severe neonatal jaundice and premature birth, 
we will only cover up to 30 days from birth. The total amount paid under this hospital care benefit will not exceed 30% of the 
sum assured. This benefit will end upon payment of 30% of the sum assured. Please refer to the policy contract for further 
details and definitions of the insured events.
5 If the insured child needs phototherapy treatment due to severe neonatal jaundice, we will pay 1% of the sum assured for 
each day of rental of the phototherapy machine, up to a maximum of 10 days. This benefit is valid only up to 30 days from 
birth. The total amount paid under this outpatient phototherapy benefit will not exceed 10% of the sum assured. This benefit 
will end upon payment of 10% of the sum assured. Please refer to the policy contract for further details and definitions of the 
insured events.
6 We will decide the type of new policy to be offered and all the following conditions must be met.
- The insured mother must take up the new policy within 60 days after the birth of her child; and
- The insured mother may buy more than one policy, but the cover for death, total and permanent disability and dread 
disease for all policies, whichever is highest, must not be more than $150,000.
This benefit can be transferred to the father or legal guardian of the insured child, to take up the new policy for the insured 
child.
7 We will pay 100% of the sum assured if the insured mother dies during the term of the policy. All benefits for the insured 
mother will end when we make this payment. Please refer to the policy contract for further details and definitions of the 
insured events.
8 We will pay 100% of the sum assured if the insured child is live-born and dies within 30 days after birth. All benefits for the 
insured child will end when we make this payment. Please refer to the policy contract for further details and definitions of the 
insured events.
9 This policy will end when all benefits for the insured mother and the insured child end; or at the end of contract term, whichever 
is earlier.
