Gro Power Saver  PROIMPORTANT NOTES
1 Value Champion, Affordability Crisis? How Expensive Has Singapore Truly Become?
2 Capital guarantee on Gro Power Saver Pro excludes any optional rider(s), on the condition all premiums are paid, and that the 
policy is held until maturity date with no policy alterations or claims made during the entire policy term.
3 The illustrated yield at maturity of 2.90% per annum is not guaranteed and is based on:
- Male, age 40 who signs up for Gro Power Saver Pro with a sum assured of $60,000,
- Paying yearly premiums of $20,000 for the first 3 years of the policy term, and
- Receiving a total illustrated maturity benefit of $82,174 at age 5 2
4 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 4.25% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates that 
are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating Fund.
5 Bonus rates are not guaranteed and will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating Fund.
6 Gro Power Saver Pro pays 105% of all net premiums paid and 100% of bonuses or cash value, whichever is higher in the event 
of the insured’s death or terminal illness. Net premiums means the regular premium amount as shown in the schedule, or 
the reduced regular premium if a part of the policy has been cashed in earlier. If you change the frequency of your regular 
premium amount, we will use the then current regular premium amount to work out all net premiums paid. Net premiums 
exclude the premiums paid on riders.  
7 If the policyholder becomes totally and permanently disabled (TPD before the anniversary immediately after the policyholder 
reaches the age of 70) during the premium term, the TPD Premium Waiver Benefit allows you to stop paying premiums on 
the policy for the remaining premium term subject to the terms of the policy contract. You cannot change the premium 
term or increase the sum assured after you claim this benefit. At the point of claim, should you choose to receive a lump sum 
benefit instead of having the future premiums of this policy waived, you will receive 105% of all net premiums paid and 100% 
of bonuses or the cash value, whichever is higher. The policy will end when we make this payment. Once the waiver of the 
premiums has started, you cannot choose to receive the lump sum benefit. 
8 This is applicable only after one year from the cover start date. Cover start date refers to the date we issue the rider or the 
date we issue an endorsement to include or increase a benefit; or the date we reinstate the rider (whichever is the latest). 
However, if the insured is diagnosed with any one of the major cancer within one year from the cover start date, we will end 
this rider and refund 100% of the premiums paid on this rider. You will then have to continue paying premiums for your Gro 
Power Saver Pro policy. The insured must survive at least 30 days after the insured is diagnosed with a covered major cancer 
before we pay the major cancer benefit. We will not pay this benefit if the insured had consulted a doctor for, suffered 
symptoms of, was investigated for, was diagnosed with, or received medical treatment for any cancer, including carcinoma-in-
situ, before the cover start date. You can find the usual terms and conditions of this rider, full list of our specified major cancer 
and their definitions in your policy contract.
