Corporatised Entities Group Insurance SchemeIMPORTANT NOTES
1 Permanent and Partial Disability must happen within 365 days from the date of the accident. Table of Compensation will apply 
for Permanent and Partial Disability due to an accident before the age of 65. Please refer to the Table of Compensation on our 
website.
2 Please refer to the list of 37 critical illnesses on our website. The sum assured for 37 Critical Illness Rider must not be higher 
than the sum assured of the CEGIS Term Life Coverage. A survival period of 30 days from the date the insured is diagnosed with 
the critical illness will apply. For major cancer, coronary artery by-pass surgery, heart attack of specified severity, angioplasty 
and other invasive treatment for coronary artery and other serious coronary artery disease, a waiting period of 90 days from the 
insured’s start date of the cover or reinstatement date of the cover (if any), whichever is later will apply. For the other remaining 
critical illnesses, a waiting period of 30 days from the insured’s start date of cover or reinstatement date of the cover (if any), 
whichever is later will apply.
3 Premium rate is applicable only to insured aged 19 to 45 (age next birthday) for sum assured at $50,000 for the CEGIS Term 
Life Coverage and $50,000 for the 37 Critical Illness Rider.
4 Your spouse and children will be eligible to apply for cover if you, as an employee of the corporatised organisation, are insured 
under the plan. You will need to be insured under CEGIS Term Life Coverage before your spouse and children can apply for 
cover under the plan. To apply for 37 Critical Illness Rider for your spouse and children, they must be insured with CEGIS Term 
Life Coverage and you must be insured under the 37 Critical Illness Rider. The sum assured for your spouse or children must 
not be more than your sum assured unless we have reduced your sum assured due to underwriting reasons.
5 Premium rate is applicable only to insured aged 2 to 18 (age next birthday).
6 Premium rates are not guaranteed and may be reviewed from time to time. The premiums that you pay are based on the sum 
assured and insured’s age next birthday. Premium rates will change when the insured enters a higher age band.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms and conditions of this plan in the master policy contract issued 
to your organisation. The cover for this plan will automatically end upon the termination of the master policy by either Income 
or your organisation. All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable for your specific 
needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance advisor. 
Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be able to 
afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you want. This plan does not have any cash value.
CEGIS is underwritten by Income.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Information is correct as at 1 September 2022
