Gro Saver Flex  PROIMPORTANT NOTES
1 Value Champion, Affordability Crisis? How Expensive Has Singapore Truly Become? 
2 Seedly, How much does it really cost to raise a child
3 Ministry of Health, The Burden of Disease in Singapore, 1990 - 2017
4 Ng KH, Teo YY, Neo YW, Maulod A, & YT (2019). What older people need in Singapore: A household budgets study 
5 Capital guarantee on Gro Saver Flex Pro excludes any optional rider(s), on the condition all premiums are paid, and that the 
policy is held until maturity date with no policy alterations or claims made during the entire policy term.
6 Only yourself (policyholder before the age of 65 years old), your spouse (before the age of 65 years old), or your child or ward 
(before the age of 18 years old) can be the secondary insured at the time of exercising this option. You can exercise this option 
to appoint a secondary insured no more than three times, and provided the following conditions are met:
a. The premium of this policy is paid only with cash;
b. No nomination of beneficiary has been made for this policy; and
c. There is no change to the ownership of this policy including assignment, bankruptcy and trust.
7 Bonus rates are not guaranteed and will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating Fund.
8 Gro Saver Flex Pro pays 105% of all net premium(s) paid or 101% of the cash value, whichever is higher in the event of 
the insured’s death or terminal illness. Net premium(s) means the regular or single premium amount as shown in the policy 
schedule, or the reduced regular or single premium amount if a part of this policy has been cashed in earlier. If you change 
the frequency of your regular premium amount, we will use the then current regular premium amount to work out all net 
premium(s) paid. Net premium(s) do not include the premiums paid on riders.
9 If the insured survives at the end of the policy term and the policy has not already ended, the policy will pay the cash value. 
The policy terminates thereafter.
10 The original insured means the insured that was appointed when the policy was issued.
11 The original insured has the option to buy another life policy with only death and TPD benefits on their own life without 
reassessment of health within 3 months from the date of the life event as defined under the policy contract if the original 
insured has met the full conditions for the application of the new life policy. The life event must have taken place no earlier 
than 12 months after the cover start date of the Gro Saver Flex Pro policy. The original insured can take up this option no 
more than two times, on two different life events. The original insured must not be totally and permanently disabled, or be 
diagnosed with an advanced-stage dread disease or above 50 years old at the time of taking up this option. We will limit the 
sum assured for the new life policy to 50% of the sum assured for the Gro Saver Flex Pro policy, or $100,000, whichever is 
lower. Please refer to the policy contract for further details on the life events and the full conditions for the application of the 
new life policy. Cover start date means the date we issue the policy, issue an endorsement to include or increase a benefit, or 
reinstate the policy, whichever is latest.
12 Savings Protector Pro is a non-participating rider for regular premium policies only. This rider includes the TPD Benefit and 
Retrenchment Benefit. Please refer to the policy contract for further details.
13 If the policyholder becomes totally and permanently disabled (TPD before the anniversary immediately after the policyholder 
reaches the age of 70) during the premium term, the TPD Benefit allows you to stop paying premiums on the basic policy 
for the remaining premium term subject to the terms of the policy contract. If the premium for the basic policy and Savings 
Protector Pro rider has already been fully paid, only the lump sum benefit will be paid. The lump sum benefit is equivalent to 
2 years of the annual premium for the basic policy and Savings Protector Pro rider. You cannot change the premium term or 
increase the sum assured after you claim this benefit.
