Gro Saver Flex  PROIMPORTANT NOTES
14 If you are retrenched, you will not have to pay the premiums for the basic policy and Savings Protector Pro rider for six months 
from the next premium due date onwards. For this to apply, you must meet all the following conditions.
a. You must have paid at least six months’ premiums.
b. Your retrenchment must have taken place no earlier than six months after the cover start date.
c. You have not been able to find employment for three months in a row after being retrenched. 
15 At the end of the 5th month when you have stop paying premiums, you can choose to defer the premiums for your basic policy, 
Savings Protector Pro rider and any optional riders for the next 6 months (“deferment period”). For this benefit to apply, you 
must remain retrenched and is unable to pay premiums, the basic policy does not have any or sufficient cash value to activate 
the automatic premium loan and you must inform us at least one month before the start of the deferment period. During 
the deferment period, the basic policy, Savings Protector Pro rider and any optional rider will still remain in-force, anniversary 
remains unchanged, any cash benefit payable will be paid after deducting the deferred premiums due and bonus will continue 
to be declared. At the end of the deferment period, you will need to pay the deferred 6 months premium in a single payment. 
This benefit can only be claimed once under this Savings Protecto r Pro rider.
16 This is applicable only after one year from the cover start date. Cover start date refers to the date we issue the rider or the 
date we issue an endorsement to include or increase a benefit; or the date we reinstate the rider (whichever is the latest). 
However, if the insured is diagnosed with any one of the major cancer within one year from the cover start date, we will end 
this rider and refund 100% of the premiums paid on this rider. You will then have to continue paying premiums for your Gro 
Saver Flex Pro policy. The insured must survive at least 30 days after the insured is diagnosed with a covered major cancer 
before we pay the major cancer benefit. We will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations 
for, or was diagnosed with, or received treatment for any cancer, including carcinoma-in-situ, before the cover start date. You 
can find the usual terms and conditions of this rider, full list of our specified major cancer and their definitions in your policy 
contract.
17 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 4.25% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund.
18 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 3.00% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms, conditions and exclusions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/
gro-saver-flex-pro-policy-conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable for 
your specific needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance 
advisor. Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be 
able to afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you want. Buying a life insurance plan is a long term commitment on 
your part. If you cancel your plan prematurely, the cash value you receive may be zero or less than the premiums you have paid 
for the plan.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Information is correct as at 1 September 2022
