Star Secure  PROIMPORTANT NOTES
14 Any payment under this rider will form an accelerated payment, and reduce the sum assured and any bonuses of this rider, its 
basic policy and other accelerated riders by the same amount that we pay under this rider. We will not pay the dread disease 
benefit if the insured is diagnosed with the disease within 90 days from the cover start date for major cancer, heart attack 
of specified severity, coronary artery by-pass surgery, angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery or other 
serious coronary artery disease. For angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery we will pay higher of 10% 
of this rider’s sum assured and corresponding pro-rated bonuses of the basic policy or 10% of the rider’s minimum protection 
value (when MPV applies), subject to a S$25,000 (not including bonus). Please refer to the policy conditions for further details.
15 We will pay no more than $100,000 (not including bonuses) for each insured (no matter how many policies we have issued to 
cover each insured). The surgery or infection and the stay in the ICU must be directly due to the same cause and confirmed 
as necessary medical treatment. This benefit is not payable if your claim arise from the insured suffering symptoms of, had 
investigations for, or was diagnosed with illness any time before or within 90 days from the cover start date (except for 
accident). Claim under the Major Impact Benefit will reduce the sum assured and any bonuses of this rider, its basic policy 
and other accelerated riders of its basic policy by the same amount that we pay under this rider. This benefit can only be 
claimed once. Please refer to the policy conditions for further details.
16 Any payment made for early and intermediate stage dread disease benefit under this rider will form an accelerated payment, 
and reduce the sum assured and any bonuses of this rider, its basic policy and other accelerated riders by the same amount 
that we pay under this rider. We will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or was 
diagnosed with the disease at any time before or within 90 days from the cover start date for major cancer, heart attack 
of specified severity, other serious coronary artery disease, or coronary artery by-pass surgery. Please refer to the policy 
conditions for further details. We will pay no more than $350,000 (not including bonuses) for each insured (no matter how 
many policies we have issued to cover each insured).
If you are successful in claiming the early and intermediate stage dread disease benefit, we will not pay future claims on 
Special and Mental Benefit, and Juvenile Benefit.
You will stop making premium payments on this rider. The rider will continue to apply for the Advanced Restoration Benefit 
and Special Therapy Benefit during this period even though you are not paying the premiums.
17 For policies issued by us that include Special Benefit or Special and Mental Benefit, we will pay no more than $30,000 for the 
same condition or procedure for each insured, no matter how many of such policies we have issued to cover the same insured. 
Please refer to the policy conditions for further details.
18 We will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or was diagnosed with the disease 
any time before or within 90 days from the cover start date. The insured must survive for at least seven days from the date 
of diagnosis, or after having the medical procedure, before we pay this benefit.
19 You can only make a claim under the Advanced Restoration Benefit if you have previously succeeded in claiming the early 
and intermediate stage dread disease benefit and if your basic policy has not ended.
We will not pay this benefit if the insured was diagnosed with the disease within 24 months after the date of diagnosis or 
surgical procedure, whichever applies, of any of the early or intermediate stage dread diseases. The insured must survive for 
at least seven days from the date of diagnosis, or after having the medical procedure, before we pay this benefit. Please refer 
to the policy conditions for further details.
20 Bonus rates are not guaranteed and the benefits payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life 
Participating Fund.
21 We will pay no more than $30,000 for each insured (no matter how many policies we have issued to cover each insured) for 
each Juvenile Benefit. At most, we will pay this benefit five times, as long as each claim is not for the same Juvenile Benefit as 
any of the earlier claims.
22 For Hospital CashAid, the premium will be based on the prevailing premium rates as of the insured’s age and sum assured 
at the anniversary. Anniversary means the last day of every 12 months from the entry date for the basic policy. Please refer 
to the policy conditions for further details.
23 We will not pay Hospital Cash Benefit, Additional Intensive Care Unit Benefit and Recovery Benefit where the insured stays 
in a hospital before or within 30 days from the cover start date (except for accidents).
