Star Secure  PROIMPORTANT NOTES
1 SmartWealth, Early Critical Illness & CI Insurance in Singapore: Guide for 2021
2 The Straits Times, Working adults have inadequate cover if critical illness strikes, says study
3 The Straits Times, Coronavirus: What we know so far
4 National Registry of Diseases Office, Singapore Cancer Registry Annual Report 2019
5 CNA, ‘Breakthrough’ therapy for the most common type of leukaemia among children approved in Singapore
6 Institute of Mental Health, Singapore Mental Health Study 2016
7 Minimum protection value means a percentage of the sum assured shown in the policy schedule. The minimum protection 
value is applicable before the anniversary immediately after the insured reaches the age of 75 or age of 80. The applicable age 
will be based on the option selected by you as shown in the policy schedule. You cannot change the minimum protection value 
and its applicable age which you chose at the start of the polic y.
8 Star Secure Pro includes a non-participating compulsory rider, Star Secure Pro – Protection Benefit. This rider pays accidental 
death benefit, Retrenchment Benefit, Family Waiver Benefit, and part of the minimum protection value. Please refer to the 
policy conditions for further details.
9 The family member means any of the following when you make a claim on the Family Waiver Benefit:
- your legal spouse if you are the insured;
- you if the insured is your legal spouse; or
- the insured’s legal or natural parents if the insured is a juvenile
The benefit will not apply if the family member becomes totally and permanently disabled, becomes terminally ill or dies from 
any condition of the family member that is diagnosed, treated, for which a registered medical practitioner was consulted or 
for which the existence or onset of signs or symptoms of any illness or disease were present, before or within 2 years from:  
- the cover start date: or 
- registration of marriage date, 
whichever is later. 
We will pay this benefit only if the family member is of age 64 years old or younger, as of his or her last birthday, at the time 
we issue the policy. Please refer to the policy conditions for further details.
10 An event (including a future unknown disease) leading to a surgery or an infection, and requires a stay in ICU for 5 days or 
more in one hospital admission, which is claimable under the Major Impact Benefit, subject to policy’s terms, conditions and 
exclusions.
11 We will only pay this benefit if the insured is diagnosed with catastrophic cancer which require the insured to undergo cell, 
tissue and gene therapy. For policies we have issued that have Special Therapy Benefit, we will pay no more than S$50,000 
(excluding bonuses) for each insured (no matter how many policies we have issued to cover each insured). We will not pay this 
benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, was investigated for, or was diagnosed with the disease any time before or within 
90 days from the cover start date. We will only pay this benefit if the basic policy has not ended.
12 Accidental death benefit is payable only if the death was a result of an accident (before the anniversary immediately after 
insured reaches the age of 70), we will pay an additional 30% of the sum assured, on top of the death benefit, as long as he or 
she was not taking part in a restricted activity at the time of the accident. If the insured was taking part in a restricted activity 
at the time of the accident, we will only pay an additional 10% of the sum assured, on top of the death benefit. We will pay 
this benefit only if the death happens within 365 days of the accid ent.
13 You must have paid at least 6 months’ premiums, your retrenchment must have taken place no earlier than 6 months after 
the cover start date and you have not been able to find employment for three months in a row after being retrenched. Only 
premiums on the basic policy and Star Secure Pro – Protection Benefit compulsory rider (excluding any riders attached) will be 
waived up to 6 months. This benefit can only be claimed once. Please refer to the policy contract for further details.
