Star Secure  PROIMPORTANT NOTES
24 We will pay the Additional Intensive Care Unit Benefit in addition to Hospital Cash Benefit. But if we have paid the Hospital 
Cash Benefit, up to a maximum of 750 days for the same stay in a hospital, we will not pay Additional Intensive Care Unit 
Benefit any further.
25 The surgery or infection and the stay in the ICU must be directly due to the same cause and confirmed as necessary medical 
treatment.
We will not pay Major Impact Benefit where the insured stays in a hospital for symptoms suffered of, had investigations for, or 
was diagnosed with illness any time before or within 90 days from the cover start date (except for accidents). We will pay this 
benefit in addition to both Hospital Cash Benefit and Additional Intensive Care Unit Benefit. We will pay this benefit to you 
only once per policy year. Please refer to the policy conditions for further details.
26 Recovery Benefit will only be paid once for the same stay in hospital as the Hospital Cash Benefit claim.
27 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating 
Fund earns a long-term average return of 4.25% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated 
bonus rates that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life 
Participating Fund.
28 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating 
Fund earns a long-term average return of 3.00% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on the estimated 
bonus rates that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life 
Participating Fund.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms, conditions and exclusions of this plan at www.income.com.
sg/star-secure-pro-policy-conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable 
for your specific needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified 
insurance advisor. Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you 
may not be able to afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you want. Buying a life insurance plan is a long-
term commitment on your part. If you cancel your plan prematurely, the cash value you receive may be zero or less than the 
premiums you have paid for the plan.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Information is correct as at 1 September 2022
