 
LHO/ PlusRider/ 202304  Page 5 of 6 
 what your  new premium for this rider  is. We 
will change the premium for t his rider  only i f 
the cha nge applies t o al l policies with in the 
same cla ss. 
 
 
 
4       What you need to  be aware of        
 
 
4.1 Cancelling the rider  
 
You may cance l this rider by giving us at least 
30 days’ notice in writing. We will tell you the 
date it  will end. Cance lling your rider will not 
affect the vali dity of  your po licy. 
 
 
4.2 Ending the rider  
 
If your policy  is cancelled, ends or has lapsed 
for any reason,  this rider wil l automatically and 
immediately end even if the period of grace  has 
not come t o an end.  
 
 
4.3 Rein statin g the rider  
 
If this rider i s cance lled becau se you have n ot 
paid the premiums , you may apply to reinstate 
your  rider.  
 
You can do this if we agree and you meet all of 
the following conditions.   
a You must pay all premiums  for the ri der 
you owe before we will reinstate your 
policy . 
b We will no t pay for any expenses which 
happen between  the date this rider ends 
and the date immediately before the 
reinstatement  date  of this rider.  
c If there is any change in t he insured ’s 
medical or physic al condition , we may add 
exclusions or  charge an extr a premi um for 
this rider from the reinstatement da te.  
 To avoid doubt, if we accept any premium for 
this ri der after this  rider has ended, it does not 
mean we will not enfo rce our rights under this 
rider or create any liability  for us in te rms of 
any clai m. Our responsibi lity to pay w ill only 
arise after  we have reinstated this rider.  
 
 
4.4 The terms and condi tions of your 
policy 
 
We may change the premiums , benefits  or 
cover or these conditions at any time. Howeve r, 
we will wr ite to you at your last-know n addre ss 
at leas t 30 days bef ore doing so. We will apply 
the changes only if the changes apply to all 
polic ies within the sa me class.  
 
Unless they are changed by this rider : 
a all other terms and conditio ns of your 
policy will no t change and will apply to t his 
rider, if it applies; and  
b words defined in th e definitions section of 
the conditions of your policy , if used in this 
rider, will have the same meanings.  
 
If there is an y inconsistency between the te rms 
and cond itions of thi s rider and your policy , the  
terms and condit ions of this rider will apply.  
 
 
4.5 Exclusions  
 
All exclusions under your policy  will app ly to 
this rider.  
 
 
 
5       Definitions        
 
 
For the  purposes of this rider, we have adde d 
the follow ing definitio n. 
Panel  or preferred  partne r means a:  
• registe red m edical  practitioner ; 