 
LHO/ PlusRider/ 202304  Page 4 of 6 
 1.3 Extra be d benefit    
 
If during the insured ’s stay in  hospital  their 
paren t or guardian stays and shar es the same 
room, we will refund up to  $80 for each day  the 
parent or gu ardian stays . This applies as l ong as 
the following conditions are met.      
• The insured is a child aged 1 8 or below on 
the date a claim is made for this be nefit.  
• We will pay up to 10  days for each stay in 
hospital.   
• If the insured  is in hospit al for onl y part of 
a day, we will pay ha lf of this benefit for 
that day.  
 
The co -payment  under clau se 1.1 (a) and 
additional non -panel payment  under clause  
1.1 (b)  of this rider does not appl y to any claim 
for this b enefit. 
 
 
 
2       Our respons ibiliti es to yo u        
 
 
Our responsibilitie s to you are only for the 
cover and period shown in this endor sement or 
renewal certificate  (as the case may be) and 
depend on the terms, conditions and limits of 
this ri der. 
 
 
2.1 Co-payment and additional  
non-panel payment  
 
You must mak e the co -payment a nd additional 
non-panel payment (if it applies) before we pay 
any benefit. We will only pay the amount of 
your  claim which is m ore than the co -payment 
and additional non -panel pa yme nt. 
 
We will apply the co -payment fo llowed b y the 
additio nal non-panel paym ent (if it applies) . 
 
  
3       Your responsibilities        
 
 
3.1 Premium  
 
The amount of premium for the rider  which  
you have  to pay to us to receive t he benefits  in 
clause 1 i s set out abo ve. If this rider i s added  to 
your  policy durin g a policy year , the premium 
for this rider for that policy year  will be pro -
rated. You must pay the premium for the rider  
every year.  
 
We give you 60 days’ grace from th e renewal 
date o f this ri der to pay th e premium  for this 
rider . During t his period of  grace, this rider  will 
stay in force. You must first pay any 
outstanding premiu m for this ri der, premium  
for your policy  or amounts you owe us before 
we pay any claim und er this rider.  
 
If you still have not  paid the premium f or this  
rider after the period of grace , this rider will be 
cancelled. This cancellation will apply from the  
renewal date  of this rider . 
 
You are responsible for making sure  that the 
premium for this  rider  is paid u p to date .  
 
 
3.2 Refu ndin g the premium w hen thi s 
rider ends  
 
We will refund the unused  pro-rated portion of 
the premium for this rider  to you in cas h when 
this r ider ends.  
 
 
3.3 Change in premium  
 
The premium for this rider  that you pay ca n 
change from ti me to tim e. If we chan ge t he 
premium for this ri der, we will write to  you at 
your  last known address, at least 30 days 
before the change is to take p lace, to  tell you 