Family ProtectIMPORTANT NOTES
1 The Dependant Booster Benefit is only payable once and the policy terminates thereafter. 
2 The Retrenchment Benefit pays 1% of your sum assured each month and the $1,000 payout per month is based on $100,000 
sum assured. This benefit will cease on the date the policyholder starts permanent paid employment. The retrenchment must 
have taken place no earlier than six months from the cover start date and you have paid at least six month of premiums. You 
can claim for this benefit only once during each policy term. You cannot claim this benefit again for the same retrenchment. 
Cover start date refers to the date we issue the policy, issue an endorsement to include or increase any benefit, or reinstate 
the policy, whichever is latest. 
3 We will renew your policy for another 10 years for the same sum assured only if there is no claim for death, total and 
permanent disability, terminal illness or specified dread disease (except a claim for angioplasty and other invasive treatment 
for coronary artery) on your policy during its term, and the insured is age 64 (last birthday) and below at the time the policy 
is due for renewal. However for angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery, the policy will be renewed 
for another 10 years at the reduced sum assured. The renewal premium will be determined by Income and is based on the 
policy’s renewal term, sum assured and the age of the insured at the time the policy is renewed.
4 If the insured survives at the end of the policy term, and the policy has not ended, the policy will pay out a Cashback Benefit 
of 20% of all net premiums paid. Net premiums means the regular premium amount as shown in the schedule, or the reduced 
regular premium if the sum assured was changed earlier. If you change the frequency of your regular premium amount, we 
will use the then current regular premium amount to work out all net premiums paid. Net premiums exclude the premiums 
paid on riders.
5 If the insured becomes totally and permanently disabled (before age 70), terminally ill, dies, or is diagnosed with the specified 
dread diseases during the term of the policy, we will pay the sum assured. The policy will end when we make this payment. 
We will not pay this benefit if the insured was diagnosed with the dread disease within 90 days from the cover start date for 
major cancer, heart attack of specified severity, coronary artery bypass surgery, angioplasty and other invasive treatment for 
coronary artery or other serious coronary artery disease. 
However, for angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery, we will pay 10% of the sum assured, subject to a 
maximum amount of $25,000. The benefit for angioplasty and other invasive treatment for coronary artery will end once we 
make this payment. The policy will continue with a reduced sum assured.
6 Underwriting will be based on the health declaration found in your proposal form or the medical questionnaires. However, 
if we deem necessary after assessing the declaration, we may require the insured to go for specified medical tests.
There are certain conditions whereby the benefits under the policy will not be payable. These are stated as exclusions in the policy 
contract. You are advised to read the policy contract for the full list of exclusions.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms and conditions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/family-
protect-policy-conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable for your specific 
needs. Family Protect may not be suitable for you if you are unsure about which type of term plan or how much coverage to buy 
as no financial advice is provided during the purchase process. In such a case, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified 
insurance advisor who will be able to advise you on a suitable product. Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not 
meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be able to afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you 
want. This policy does not have any cash value.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Information is correct as at 1 September 2022
