IMPORTANT NOTES
1 If the insured survives at the end of 4 years from the policy entry date, you will start to receive cash payouts starting from the 
49th policy month after the policy entry date. The monthly cash payout consists of the guaranteed monthly cash benefit and 
the non-guaranteed monthly cash bonus. The guaranteed monthly cash benefit is 0.072% of the net single premium, while 
your non-guaranteed monthly cash bonus is up to 0.2405% of your net single premium (based on the assumption that the Life 
Participating Fund earns a long-term average return of 4.25% per annum). Over 12 months, you would receive 0.864% of the 
net single premium as guaranteed cash benefit and up to 2.886% of the net single premium as non-guaranteed cash bonus. 
The non-guaranteed monthly cash bonus may vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating Fund. If the 
Life Participating Fund earns a long-term average return of 3.00% per annum, the non-guaranteed monthly cash bonus will be 
up to 0.12% of the net single premium. You will continue to receive your monthly cash payout at subsequent policy months if 
the insured is still alive and the policy has not ended. Net single premium means the single premium amount as shown in the 
policy schedule, or the reduced single premium amount if a part of the policy has been cashed in earlier.
2 Interest rate of 3.00% per annum is not guaranteed. Prevailing interest rate at the point of deposit will be determined by us.
3 Only yourself (policyholder before the age of 65 years old), your spouse (before the age of 65 years old), or your child or ward 
(before the age of 18 years old) can be the secondary insured at the time of exercising this option. You can exercise this option 
to appoint a secondary insured no more than three times, and provided the following conditions are met:
- The premium of this policy is paid only with cash;
- No nomination of beneficiary has been made for this policy; and
- There is no change to the ownership of this policy including assignment, bankruptcy and trust.
The secondary insured becomes the insured of this policy only upon death of the insured for the remaining policy term. The 
policy can only have one insured at any point of time.
4 The policy pays out 105% of the net single premium and a non-guaranteed terminal bonus in the event of the insured’s death 
or diagnosis of terminal illness. We will also pay any cash benefits and cash bonuses which have built up (accumulated). If a 
secondary insured has been appointed before the insured dies, the death or terminal illness benefit will not be paid out. Upon 
the death of the insured, the secondary insured becomes the insured and the policy will continue.
5 The original insured means the insured that was appointed when the policy was issued.
6 If the insured survives at the end of the policy term, which is the anniversary immediately after the original insured’s 120th 
birthday, and the policy has not already ended, the policy will pay 120% of the net single premium and a non-guaranteed 
terminal bonus (“Maturity benefit”). We will also pay any cash benefits and cash bonuses which have built up (accumulated). 
The policy will end when we make this payment. We will not pay any further benefits.
7 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 4.25% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund.
8 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 3.00% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund. If cash benefits and cash bonuses are accumulated with us, the interest rate will be based on 1.50% per annum and it is 
not guaranteed. Prevailing interest rate at the point of deposit will be determined by us.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms, conditions and exclusions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/
wealth-plus-solitaire-policy-conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable 
for your specific needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance 
advisor. Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be 
able to afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you want. Buying a life insurance plan is a long-term commitment on 
your part. If you cancel your plan prematurely, the cash value you receive may be zero or less than the premiums you have paid 
for the plan.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Information is correct as at 5 October 2022