 
LHO/Assis tRider/202304  Page 5 of 6 
 what your  new premium for this rider  is. We 
will change the premium  for this rider  only if 
the change appl ies to all p olicies w ithin the 
same class.  
 
 
 
4       What you need to be aware of        
 
 
4.1 Cancelling the rider  
 
You may cancel th is rid er by giving us at least 
30 days’ notice in  writing. We will tell you the 
date it will end. Canc elling your  rider will not 
affect the v alidity of your policy . 
 
 
4.2 Ending the rider 
 
If your policy  is cancelled, ends or has lapsed 
for any reason, this ride r will automatically and 
immediately end ev en if the period of grace  has 
not come to an end.  
 
 
4.3 Reinstating th e rider 
 
If this ride r is cancelled becau se you have not 
paid the premiums , you may apply to reinstate 
your  rider.  
 
You can do this i f we agre e and you meet all of 
the following conditi ons.   
a You must pay all premiums  for the rider  
you owe  before we will re instate your  
policy . 
b We will not pay for any ex penses  whic h 
happen between the date this rider ends 
and the date immediately before t he 
reinst atement date  of this rider.  
c If there is any  change in the insured ’s 
medical  or physical conditio n, we may add 
exclusions or ch arge an e xtra premium for 
this rider from  the reinstateme nt date .  
 To avoid doubt, if we accept any premium for 
this rid er after this rider has ended, it does not 
mean we will not enforce our rights under  this 
rider or create  any liability for  us in terms  of 
any c laim. Our responsibi lity to pay will only 
arise after we have reinstated this rider.  
 
 
4.4 The terms and condit ions of y our 
policy  
 
We may change the premiums , benefits  or 
cover or these conditio ns at any time. Howev er, 
we will write to you at your last-known address 
at leas t 30 day s before do ing so. We will apply 
the changes only if the changes apply to all 
polici es within  the same class.  
 
Unless they are changed b y this rider:  
a all other terms an d conditions of your 
policy will not ch ange and wil l apply t o this 
rider, if it applies;  and  
b words  defined in the definitions section of 
the conditions of your policy , if used in t his 
rider, will have the same meanings.  
 
If there is any inconsistency betw een the terms 
and con ditions of this ri der and your  policy , the 
terms and condit ions of this rider will apply.  
 
 
4.5 Exclusions  
 
All exclusions under your policy  will appl y to 
this rider.  
 
 
 
5       Definitions        
 
 
For the purposes of this rider, we have added 
the follo wing de finition.  
Panel or preferred partner  means a:  
• regist ered med ical pract itioner ; 