Conditi ons for Assist Rider  
LHO/ AssistRider/ 202304 1 of 61  What your rider covers  
This rider covers the following benefits . 
This rider applies as well as your policy . Our 
responsibility to pay the benefits  under this 
rider will only arise if you are eligible to make a 
claim under your policy .  
Paying the benefits  under this rider depends on 
the limits of compensation , limits on special 
benefits (if it applies), limit for each policy year  
of your policy  and all other limits listed in the 
schedule of benefits , where it applies.  
1.1 Deductible and co -insurance  
While this rider is in force, there is no 
deductible or co-insurance due under your 
policy . However, you will have to make a 
co-payment and an additional non -panel 
payment (if it applies) for each claim, as set out 
below.  
a Co-payment  
For each claim under  your policy , you will have 
to make a co -payment, as shown in the table 
below. If the treatment is provided by our 
pane l or extended panel , we will apply  a co -
payment limit as shown in the table.  
Types of Treatment Co-payment  
Treatm ent not 
provided by  our panel  
or extended panel  10% of the benefits 
due under your policy  
Treatment provided 
by our panel  or 
extended panel  10% of the benefits 
due under your policy , 
up to a co -payment 
limit of $3,000 for 
each policy year  If you are clai ming for pre -hospitalisation 
treatment,  post -hospitalis ation treatment or 
special benefits (if it applies), we will not apply 
the co -payment limit if the treatment during 
the insured ’s stay in hospital  is not provided by 
our panel  or extended panel .  
If you are claiming for consultation fees, 
medicines, examinations or tests f or the main 
outpatient hospital treatment that is covered 
under your policy , we will apply the 
co-payment limit only if the main outpatient 
hospital treatment is provided by our pane l or 
extended panel . 
For each claim that meets the  limits on special 
benefits (if it appli es) or the limit for each 
policy year  of your policy , the co -payment for 
that claim will not be added towards the 
co-payment limit  of $3,000 for each policy year . 
When the insured  is under the care of more 
than one registered medical practitioner  or 
speci alist for their stay in hospital or the main 
outpatient hospital treatment under your 
policy , we will apply the co -payme nt limit as 
long as the main  treating  regist ered medical 
practitioner  or specialist (shown in the hospital  
records as the principal doct or) is part of our 
panel  or extended panel . 
For each stay in hospital  of 12 months or less, 
where the treatment is provided by our panel  
or extended panel , you mus t pay the co -
payment (up to a maximum of $3,000) for one 
policy year  (even if the stay in hospital  runs 
into the next policy yea r). If the stay in hospital  
is for a continuous period of more than 12 
months but less than 24 months, you must also 
pay up to t he maximum co -payment for the 
next policy year . And, for each further period of 
12 months or less that the stay in hospital  
extends for, you must pay the co -payment for 
one extra policy year . Important:
This is a sample of the policy document. To determine the precise terms, conditions and exclusions of your cover, please refer 
to the actual policy and any endorsement issued to you.