 
LHO/Assis tRider/202304  Page 2 of 6 
 b     Additional non -panel payment  
 
If the treatment during t he insured ’s stay in 
hospital  is provided by a registered medical 
practitioner  or specialist  who is not from  our 
panel  or is from the extended panel , you  will 
have to make an  additional non -panel payment  
of up to $2,000  in each policy year  for your  
claims for inpatient hospital treatment, pre -
hospitalisation treatment, post -hospitalisation  
treatment or special benefits (if it applies).  You 
must pay the co -payment followed by the 
additional non -panel payment. We will only pay 
the amount of your  claim which i s more than 
the total of the  co-payment and the additional 
non-panel payment.  
 
When t here is more than one treating 
registered medical practitioner  or specialist for 
the insured ’s stay in hospital, we will apply the 
additional non -panel payment  as long as the 
main treating registered medical practitioner  
or specialist (shown in the  hospital records as 
the principal doctor)  is not from  our panel  or is 
from the extended  panel . 
 
For each stay in hospital  of 12 months or less 
that is provided by a registered me dical 
practitioner  or specialist  who is not from  our 
panel  or is from the extended panel , you must 
pay the additional non -panel payment of up to 
$2,000 for one policy year  (even if the stay in 
hospital  runs into the next policy year ). If the 
stay in hospit al is for a continuous period of 
more  than 12 months but less than 24 months, 
you must also pay the additional non -panel 
payment  of up to  $2,000  for the next policy 
year . And, for each further period of 12 months 
or less that the stay in hospital  extends for, you 
must pay the additional non -panel payment  of 
up to $2,000  for one extra policy year.  
 
 
 
 
 
 1.2 Additional cancer  drug treatment  
benefit   
 
This benefit pays for outpatient cancer drug 
treatments that are listed on the CDL, and 
selected cancer drug tre atments that are not 
listed on the CDL (non-CDL treatments ), up to 
the limits shown in table s 1a, 1b and 1c.  This 
benefit will be paid on top of the benefits  
covered under your policy . 
 
For claim s under this rider for outpatient cancer 
drug treatments on t he CDL, the following 
apply.  
• The benefit limits in table s 1a, 1b and 1c 
(indicated as a multiple of MSHL  limits) are 
equal to 200% of the outpatient cancer 
drug treatment limits stated in the 
schedule of benefits in your policy .  
• The MSHL limit varies depe nding on the 
cancer drug treatment. The latest MSHL  
limits can be found at go.gov.sg/moh -
cancerdruglist . MOH  may update the CDL 
from time to time.  
• If the insured  is claiming for more than one 
cancer drug tr eatment, we will pay a t otal 
amount of up to the highest limit for the 
cancer drug s administered in that month, 
as long as they are  used according to the 
indications in the CDL. If any of the cancer 
drug tre atments provided are not used 
according to the in dications on the CDL, we 
will not cove r an y of th e cancer drug 
treatments used, even individual 
treatments that are listed on the CDL, 
except where a particular drug being 
removed from the indicated treatment, or 
replace d with another drug indicated ‘for 
cancer treatment ’ on the CDL, is a 
nece ssary medic al treatment  due to 
intolerance or contraindications  (for 
example, allergic reactions) . 
 
For outpatient cancer drug treatments not on 
the CDL, we cover only treatments with  drug  
classes A to E (according to the Life Insurance 