 
LHO/Assis tRider/202304  Page 4 of 6 
 1.3 Extra bed benefit    
 
If duri ng the insured ’s stay in  hospital  their 
parent or guardian stays and  shares the same 
room,  we will refund u p to $80 for  each da y the 
parent or guardian st ays. This ap plies as long as 
the following conditions are met.      
• The insured is a child a ged 18 or below on 
the date a claim is made for this benefit.  
• We will pay up to 10 days for each stay in 
hospital.   
• If the insu red is in hospital  for only part of  
a day, we will pay half of t his benefit for 
that day.   
 
The co -payment  under clause 1.1 (a ) and 
addi tional non -panel payment  under clause 1.1 
(b) of this rider does not  apply to any claim fo r 
this benefit.    
 
 
 
2       Our resp onsibilities to you        
 
 
Our responsibilities to you are only for the 
cover and period shown in this endorsemen t or 
renewal certificate  (as the case may be) and 
depend  on the terms, conditions  and limits of 
this ri der. 
 
 
2.1 Co-paymen t and add itional  
non-panel payment  
 
You must ma ke th e co-paym ent and add itional 
non-panel payment (if it applies) before we pay 
any benefit. We will only pay the amount of 
your  claim which  is more than the co -paym ent 
and additional non -panel  payment.  
 
We will appl y the co -payment followed by the  
additi onal non-panel payment (if it applies) . 
 
  
3       Your responsibilities        
 
 
3.1 Premium  
 
The amount of premium  for the rider  which  
you have to pay to us to rec eive the benefits  in 
clause 1 is set ou t above. If this rider  is added to 
your poli cy during a polic y year, the premium 
for this rider  for that policy year will be  
pro-rated.  You must pay  the premium for the 
rider  every year.  
 
We give you 60 days’ grace from the renewal 
date of this rider to pay the prem ium for th is 
rider . During this period of gr ace, this rider will  
stay in force. You must first pay any 
outstanding premium  for this rider , premium  
for your policy  or amounts you owe us before 
we pay any cl aim under this rider.  
 
If you still hav e not paid t he premiu m for this 
rider after the period o f grace, this rider  will be 
cancelled. This cancellation will apply from the 
renewal date of  this rider . 
 
You are responsible for makin g sure that the 
premium fo r this rider  is paid up to date.  
 
 
3.2 Refunding t he premiu m when this 
rider ends  
 
We will ref und the unused pro -rated portion of 
the premium for this rider  to you in cash wh en 
this ride r ends.  
 
 
3.3 Change in premium  
 
The premiu m for this rider  that you pay can 
change from t ime to time. If we change the 
premium f or this rider , we will write to you at 
your last known  address, at least 30 days 
before the change is to take place , to tell you 