IMPORTANT NOTES
1 During the term of this policy, if the insured becomes terminally ill or dies, before the anniversary immediately after the 
insured reaches the age of 85, 100% of sum assured and 100% of bonuses  or minimum protection value of the basic policy, 
whichever is higher will be paid. The minimum protection value of the basic policy depends on the age of the insured at 
policy entry date (age last birthday), and it is up to 320% of the sum assured. Minimum protection value means a percentage 
of the sum assured shown in the policy schedule. If the insured becomes terminally ill or dies, on or after the anniversary 
immediately after the insured reaches the age of 85, 100% of sum assured and 100% of bonuses will be paid. Bonus rates are 
not guaranteed and will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating Fund.
2 Provenance Solitaire includes a non-participating compulsory rider, Provenance Solitaire – Protection Benefit. This rider pays 
part of the minimum protection value. Please refer to the policy conditions for further details.
3 Guaranteed cash value of 80% of your single premium. Single premium refers to the premium amount before any additional 
premiums charged due to medical conditions.
4 The service is valid for one time usage per policy and is only for arrangement of a full medical check-up. No-show penalty is 
applicable when the insured failed to cancel the check-up and transport booking within the given notice period. The insured 
will need to check with the respective clinic for more details.
5 Provenance Disability Accelerator rider pays out 100% of the rider’s sum assured and corresponding pro-rated bonuses of 
the basic policy or 100% of the rider’s minimum protection value, whichever is higher, if the insured becomes totally and 
permanently disabled (before the anniversary immediately after the insured reaches the age of 70) during the term of 
this rider. Any payment under this rider will form an accelerated payment and reduce the sum assured and bonuses of its 
basic policy and other accelerated riders of its basic policy by the same amount we pay under this rider. Bonus rates are not 
guaranteed and will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating Fund.
6 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 4.25% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund.
7 The figures in the illustration are not guaranteed and are illustrated based on the assumption that the Life Participating Fund 
earns a long-term average return of 3.00% per annum in the future. Returns are illustrated based on estimated bonus rates 
that are not guaranteed. The actual benefit payable will vary according to the future performance of the Life Participating 
Fund.
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms, conditions and exclusions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/
provenance-solitaire-policy-conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable 
for your specific needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance 
advisor. Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be 
able to afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you want. Buying a life insurance plan is a long-term commitment on 
your part. If you cancel your plan prematurely, the cash value you receive may be zero or less than the premiums you have paid 
for the plan.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
Information is correct as at 1 September 2022