IMPORTANT NOTES
10 The policy will be renewed for another 10 years based on the following conditions:
- If the policyholder has selected Care 50 and no claim is made on Premium Waiver Benefit for advanced stage major cancer 
and insured is below age 75 last birthday at the time the policy is due for renewal; or
- If the policyholder has selected Care 100 and no claim is made on Premium Waiver Benefit and insured is below age 75 last 
birthday at the time the policy is due for renewal.
11 If the insured dies (not as a result of an accident) in the first policy year, Income will pay 100% of the total premiums paid. If 
the insured dies (due to reasons other than accidental) after the first policy year, $5,000 will be paid if death happens before 
the policy anniversary immediately after the insured reaches age 60 last birthday or $10,000 will be paid if death happens on 
or after the policy anniversary immediately after insured age of 60 last birthday. The payout will be reduced by any amounts 
that are owed to Income. The policy will end when this payment is made.
12 Accidental death benefit is payable only if the insured’s death happens within 365 days of the accident and during the policy 
term. 100% of the sum assured will be paid out for this benefit only if the insured is not participating in a restricted activity at 
the time of the accident. If the insured is participating in a restricted activity at the time of the accident, this benefit will be 
reduced to 30% of the sum assured. The payout will be reduced by any amounts that are owed to Income. The policy will end 
when this payment is made. Please refer to the policy conditions for further details.
13 Upon diagnosis with advanced stage major cancer, the insured may choose to take up a new term policy with only death, 
terminal illness and total and permanent disability (TPD) benefits on the insured own life, without Income having to assess 
their health. The waiting period of the new term policy is 2 years. If the insured makes a claim on the new term policy during 
the 2 years of waiting period, Income will refund 100% of the premiums paid on the term policy issued under this option.
The sum assured for the new term policy will be limited to: 
- 100% of the sum assured for this policy; or 
- $200,000 per life 
aggregating policies issued under the guaranteed post-cancer cover option, whichever is lower.
Income will decide the type of new policy to be offered and the insured must meet all the following conditions to take up this 
option:
- The insured must take up this option within 6 months from the date of claim admittance of the advanced stage major cancer 
benefit.
- The insured must not be totally and permanently disabled, terminally ill or be diagnosed with an advanced-stage dread 
disease other than major cancer, at the time of taking up this option.
- The insured must be 60 years old last birthday or under at the time of taking up this option. 
This is for general information only. You can find the usual terms, conditions and exclusions of this plan at www.income.com.sg/
complete-cancer-care-policy-conditions.pdf . All our products are developed to benefit our customers but not all may be suitable 
for your specific needs. If you are unsure if this plan is suitable for you, we strongly encourage you to speak to a qualified insurance 
advisor. Otherwise, you may end up buying a plan that does not meet your expectations or needs. As a result, you may not be able 
to afford the premiums or get the insurance protection you want. This plan does not have any cash value.
Protected up to specified limits by SDIC.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Information is correct as at 18 July 2023
Complete Cancer Care
