IMPORTANT NOTES
1 National Registry of Diseases Office, Singapore Cancer Registry Annual Report 2020.
2 National Registry of Diseases Office, Singapore Cancer Registry 50th Anniversary Monograph 1968-2017.
3 2017 Protection Gap Study – Singapore, www.lia.org.sg/media/1332/protection-gap-study-report-2017.pdf .
4 The definitions for early, intermediate and advanced stage major cancer are found in the policy conditions.
5 Income will pay the Premium Waiver Benefit according to your selected option under the Major Cancer Benefit. 
- If the policyholder selected Care 50, upon diagnosis of early or intermediate stage major cancer, Income will waive the 
premiums up to 60 months or end of policy term, whichever is earlier, and the policyholder will have to pay premiums 
thereafter. This benefit for early or intermediate stage major cancer can only be claimed once. Income will waive the 
premiums until the end of policy term upon diagnosis of advanced stage major cancer. 
- If the policyholder selected Care 100, Income will waive the premiums until the end of policy term upon diagnosis of any 
stage of major cancer. 
The premium waiver will start from the policy month immediately after the diagnosis date of the major cancer. The policy will 
continue to apply for the remaining unclaimed benefits during this premium waiver period even though the policyholder is 
not paying the premiums. Income will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or was 
diagnosed with, any stage of major cancer any time before or within 90 days from the cover start date.
6 This plan is not guaranteed acceptance and is subjected to underwriting. Income will not pay any benefits if your claim arises 
from a material pre-existing condition that was not told to Incom e. Please refer to the policy conditions for further details.
7 If the insured is diagnosed with an early, intermediate or advanced stage major cancer by a specialist during the term of the 
policy, Income will pay the Major Cancer Benefit according to the selected option. The total payout of this benefit will not 
exceed 100% of the sum assured. The option must be selected at policy inception and cannot be changed. Income will not pay 
this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or was diagnosed with, any stage of major cancer any 
time before or within 90 days from the cover start date. 
If the policyholder selected Care 50, any payment made for early or intermediate stage Major Cancer Benefit will reduce any 
payout for advanced stage by the same amount that Income pays for the early or intermediate stage. The early or intermediate 
stage Major Cancer Benefit can only be claimed once. This benefit will end when Income makes payment for advanced stage 
major cancer. The policy will continue to apply even if this benefit ends. 
If the policyholder selected Care 100, this benefit will end when Income makes payment for any of the 3 stages of major 
cancer. The policy will continue even if this benefit ends.
8 Income will pay a Monthly Cancer Therapy Benefit as long as the insured is diagnosed with major cancer by a specialist and 
recommended in writing that the treatment is a necessary medical treatment for cancer according to relevant guidelines 
from Ministry of Health (MOH) and has started cancer treatment as advised by a specialist. Income will make the first 
payment starting from the policy month immediately after the cancer treatment start date. For more details on the types 
of cancer treatment, please refer to the policy conditions. The maximum amount Income will pay for this benefit is $60,000 
per life. Income will not pay more than a total number of 12 payouts for early or intermediate stage major cancer. If the 
insured has already received payouts during early stage, there will not be further payouts during intermediate stage. The 
sum of the total number of payouts for this benefit will not exceed 24 payouts. The number of payouts for the advanced 
stage major cancer will be 24 less the number of payouts Income have paid for the early or intermediate stage major cancer 
under this benefit. Income will not pay this benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or was 
diagnosed with, any stage of major cancer any time before or within 90 days from the cover start date. Please refer to the 
policy conditions for further details.
9 Income will pay 10% of the sum assured if the insured is successfully admitted to an inpatient palliative care facility or 
engaged the home palliative or day palliative care services from providers listed by Singapore Hospice Council (SHC) 
during the policy term. The insured must be diagnosed with terminal cancer by a specialist and a referral for palliative care 
services made by a specialist is required. Providers listed by SHC, which may be updated from time to time, can be found 
at singaporehospice.org.sg/services. The benefit will terminate after this benefit is claimed in full. Income will not pay this 
benefit if the insured suffered symptoms of, had investigations for, or was diagnosed with, any stage of major cancer any 
time before or within 90 days from the cover start date.
Complete Cancer Care
